# The Big Shock

Everyone in the royal palace of the city of Drein was very busy with the preparations of the grand feast, which was to be held in the evening in the honour of Jake Herald. He was the bravest and the most trusted person in the city. He had helped the kingdom many times, in times of was and peace. If he had not been, the city of Drein would have already been absorbed into some othe kingdom. Very high dignitaries were called to the feast, and it was indeed considered to be a great honour to be invited to it.

"Come on everybody. Work well. I want everything to be just perfect", the king announced, himself getting engaged in some preparations.

The palace was looking magnificent by the evening. The guests started arriving from 7 'o' clock and gathered in the banquet hall. It was a huge room with imperial banners hanging from the roof. The side walls were decorated with lit candles and a chandelier hung from the centre of the roof.

The chief guest, which of course was Jake, arrived at 7:30 pm. There was a small welcome ceremony and after that the feast took off. All the guest got seated at a huge table laid with food. It consisted of fruit punches, seasoned turkeys, mushroom ravioli, fried stuffed chicken, various types of pizzas, a variety salads, baked potatoes, pork barbeque and apple and chocolate walnut pies, blueberry cheesecakes and various types of ice creams and pastries for dessert. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed and after they had left, the king called Jake to an inner chamber to discuss something.

"Come Jake! I want to discuss this matter. I am suspecting our kingdom will be attacked -", he was interrupted by a messenger who had come running in the room. "Your Majesty, I have got some bad news", he said, trembling. "The forces of the undead are planning to attack our city. They want to sieze the city so that they get a base for further captures and take over the living world". The messenger fainted.

"Guards!", the king shouted, "Take this messenger to the medical room". the king addressed Jake, "What should we do now?". Jake answered, "Can I take a few of your troops?". The king asked, "Why?". Jake said, "I'll interrogate the messenger and take the troops to seek the hideout of the undead". The king exclaimed, "This is what I like about you, you're so quick! Of course you can take as many troops as you want". Jake replied, "I just want a spy, a melee warrior, an archer, a healer, a magician and a few of your finest horses". "I will send the best of all", the king said, "But don't trouble the messenger too much. He was not looking very well". "Yes, Your Majesty. As it is, the messenger would have of course got the news from someone else. It is not the messenger whom I seek", Jake said, and departed after saluting the king.

He went straight to the medical room where the messenger had recovered. "Are you fine?", Jake asked the messenger. "Yes", he replied. Jake said, "I just wanted to ask from where did you get the news?". The messenger replied, "The spies told me". Jake said, "Okay, thank you for telling. Now you should take some rest".

Jake instantly headed towards the division of the spies. They resided in the western wing of the palace. "Norton!", he exclaimed, looking at the general of the spies. They both greeted each other and sait down on the nearby chairs to talk.

Jake said, "I have heard that you came to know of the plans of the undead. What do you know and from where did you come to know? Tell me everything. This is a very serious matter. It will not only affect our city, but the whole of manking". Norton started telling, "Our spies always keep a check on teh city, the palace surroundings and the outskirts of the kingdom, even though there are only some waste woods and graveyards there. It was in one of the graveyards where our spies heard the undead making plans". Jake said, "Well, that is fine but there are three or four graveyards in this kingdom. Which one are you talking about?". Norton replied, "I am talking about the Crest graveyard, which is situated at the northwest corner of the kingdom". "Can you tell me about their plans in detail?", Jake interrogated. Norton answered, "We haven't heard much about their plans, but we are very sure that they will attack Drein. They are currently moving towards the Chaos tunnels. This is all I know". Jake said, "Okay! Thanks! You can leave the rest to me".

He headed straight to the king's chambers. On seeing Jake the king exclaimed, "Did you get the necessary information?". Jake replied, "Yes, Your Majesty". The king said, "I am very scared. I am facing the undead for the first time". Jake consoled the king, "Do not worry. I with your troops will seek their hideout and try that they do not reach near Drein. When will the troops be ready?". The king answered, "Go and catch some sleep. The troops will be ready tomorrow morning".

Jake departed and came out of the palace premises. He headed to his small house along a lonely street of Drein. The king had tried many times to reward him with a big bungalow, but he preferred his cottage. He went and lied down on his bed, but did not sleep. He was making plans for his next day ahead. He thought, "If the undead are currently moving towards Chaor tunnels, they will have reached them by morning. After sunrise, they will stop movement. But the Chaos tunnels are dark, and so, by tomorrow evening, they will have crossed almost one quarter of the way. They will take three days to completely cross the tunnels, so, my big strike would be catching them in the tunnels. But the big challenge lies in reaching the tunnels in less than three days. But why would they want to use the Chaos tunnels? They are so complex and do not have many links in our kingdom. They have made a very complicated plan. Our only hope lies in reaching the tunnel in time".

Jake could not understand anything. He was trying to concentrate but drifted into a sound sleep after some time.

Jake woke up early in the morning. It was still dark then. He got ready and started moving towards the royal palace. The guards at the palace gates stood aside and let him enter. He went to the king's throne room, where the king was seated on a high chair, wearing the royal crown.

The king, on seeing Jake, said, "Jake! Greetings. Your troops and horses are ready". Jake replied, "Greetings, Your Majesty. Where are they?". "They are waiting for you in the guardian chamber. After meeting them, you can choose any horse from the stables", the king replied. He clapped his hands and a servant entered from the eastern door. "Go! Take Jake to the guardian chamber", the king ordered.

The servant took Jake out of the palace and towards the eastern tower of the castle. They went into the tower and up the flight of stairs to the very top chamber, the guardian chamber. Jake dismissed the servant and entered the room. Inside, there were five people standing, all in varied outfits. One of them was Jake's beloved friend, Norton, as the spy. The melee warrior was Atix, fully clad in armour. The healer was Lavista, the magician was Senister and the archer was Robina. Everyone knew Jake and greeted him heartily.

"Greetings. I hope you are all ready for the toughest challenges ahead. Norton, you come with me. You are needed immediately. The others, you will be called when needed. Be prepared, all the time, even at the darkest hour", Jake said. Senister came forward and said, "Here, take these teleport tablets. They will help you teleport back to the portal chamber in the palace. Just break the tablet to activate it", giving a teleport tablet each to Jake and Norton.

# Plans of the Undead

They both headed towards the stables to take their horses. They reached the stables situated at the southers side of the castle. There were thousands of horses in the sheds.

"Take whichever horse you like", said Jake, moving towards a black, shiny horse. "Huh? Ok", replied Norton. Norton took a white horse which has blonde hair on its back. "Norton, lead the path to the graveyard", said Jake. Norton nodded and they both mounted the horses and exited the castle premises.

They rode out in the city streets. "I hope these horses have both speed and stamina or else we won't be able to reach our destination on time", Jake said. "Don't worry, I know these horses. Yours is Bolt, mine is Snowflake. They are on of the best", Norton replied. They rode smoothly out of the busy city, where they took a halt to give their horses some rest and take refreshments.

"It will take us three days to reach the graveyard, according to my calculations, and that too if we move swiftly. We cannot be late", Jake said. Norton answered, "I think we've taken enough rest. Let's move now".

They rode out again, this time into the woods situated northwest outside Drein. Riding very fast here was not possible as huge trees kep obstructing them from time to time. "These clover woods are going to become even denser. We have to move at a slow pace", Norton said. Jake replied, "I can understand. We will be able to reach the Fued River only till tomorrow evening. After that, I suppose that there are only grasslands and a small settlement, Tyrus village. We can replenish our supplies from there. We will surely reach the graveyard day after tomorrow".

They were moving in a slow canter, and so the horses were not getting tired. Till evening, they had reached the start of the dense part of the woods. At this point, they halted for a long rest. The horses, now full of sweat, started rolling in the mud and grazing on the green grass there. Norton and Jake sat under a tree and started making further plans.

"From here on, the forest will become very dense. It will take us time to reach the river", Jake said. "I think we could manage trotting all the way, though it'll be quite painful", Norton replied. Jake said, "We have to take some pains, or else no fruit". Norton completely agreed.

After a few hours, Jake said, "I think we should start. We better reach early rather than late". They started off again. Almost instantly, it became dark as the woods suddenly thickened and the moonlight could not enter. Jake lit a fire on two thick and long twigs. Taking these torches, Norton and Jake rode on. They had to turn at every step as the woods were full of trees. At a distance, they saw blood red, thick mist arising out of nowhere, to their left and right.

"What is that?!", Norton asked, frightened. Jake answered, trembling, "I don't kow. Maybe a natural phenomenon". Norton shrugged. As they got very close to the mist, Norton stopped his horse. Jake gave a confused look to Norton. "It is scary". Jake answered, "We have got no other choice". Norton nodded and they bravely rode between the two parts of the mist, but as they reached the middle they noticed that they were now surrounded by the mist. The mist wasn't separate in two parts, but was connected by an arc which ran around in front of them. Now they had no choice but to go through the bloody mist. They could not return back and take a detour as while coming to the place where they were, they had come down from a cliff like structure and now it would be impossible to climb back up.

The horses got frightened and started making funny noises. Jake and Norton patted their horses to calm them down. "Now what should we do?" Norton asked. Jake replied, "We have to be brave and ride on. Come on, it is nothing". They both rode on, trembling even more as the mist was nearing. When they entered the mist, they could see nothing but deep red colour. Finally, they were out, both of the mist and the fear. It had been difficult controlling the horses, but now, ahead of them, they saw a beautiful scene that eased them. The Fued River was flowing in front of them, its water sparkling and the dark woods had finally ended.

"Oh! Finally. The river, and it is just down", Jake said. He and Norton dismounted from their horses and lied down in the cool grass. The horses rushed and started drinking water. After some time, Jake asked, "How are we supposed to cross this river?". They hadn't thought of it, and it seemed to be a major problem. The men patrolled the banks of the river for some time in search of a bridge like structure, but having failed, returned to where the horses were grazing.

Norton suggested, "Maybe we could get the horses to jump across the river". Jake looked at the width of the river and said, "Our horses would not be able to jump such a long distance. We should try further west, where the river is the narrowest". "Yes, but now I think we can afford to take some rest. About an hour or so", Norton said. They both lied down and rested for an hour, while the horses kept on grazing and rolling in the mud. After an hour, they moved on again.

Jake said, "Our path is easy now. We just have to keep moving along the river until it is narrow enough to jump over it". Norton replied, "Yes, but we have to be careful and not deviate from the path". They kept on moving, refreshing themselves with the fresh water of the river from time to time. It did not take them much time, just a few hours to reach a point where the river was quite narrow. It was only afternoon then.

"This place is perfect. Now we have to get our horses to jump over", said Jake. They found a clearing from where the horses could gather some speed before jumping. The men kicked the horses into a gallop, and then, on reaching the river, the horses jumped along with elegance. Norton said, "Ah! Finally. We are across". "Now I think we should take rest for about half an hour. We will take a full rest in Tyrus village. But for that, we will have to reach there till midnight, so we can sleep and also get a full day ahead", Jake said, getting off his horse. "Yawn! I feel sleepy", Norton was getting tired. Jake replied, "You can sleep if you want to. I'll wake you up after some time". Norton acknowledted, "Thank you", and slept. In the meantime, Jake desaddled the horses and gave them a bath.

After about half an hour, Jake woke up Norton. "Wow, the horses look great and energetic", he said. Jake replied, "Yes, just readied them. They need to be refreshed. Our path ahead is long". Norton said, "Now, let's start immediately. Even I'm a litte refreshed". The men mounted the horses and started.

"Wow, this seems so strange. Suddenly, from thick woods, then land has transformed to open grasslands!", Norton exclaimed. Jake said, "Yes, this is what nature is. So diverse. Now we can move faster". He made his horse move to a full gallop and whizzed past Norton. "Hey! Wait for me", Norton shouted, and urged his horse to move forward until he was at Jake's side. "Enjoying the ride?", Jake asked. Norton answered, "Oh! Yes. This is real fun". Even the horses seemed to be enjoying, running around in the vast, open land. Jake warned, "Be careful of lions though. They are common here in the grasslands". Norton said, "Yes, we were lucky enough to get through the woods safely. Now, there is no guarantee that we will get through here". "Don't worry, don't get scared. If we don't harm the wildlife, they won't harm us, you know. Unlike the undead. You have to be really careful with those. Such cruel, ruthless people they are", Jake said. Norton nodded.

After riding for some time, they reached a place with rocky land. It seemed that the grasslands had ended. There were big boulders behind which yellow figures could be seen. Jake and Norton halted. "Mountain lions", Jake whispered, "Move very slowly, without making any noise behind me". The horses moved slowly, without making any noise. The yellow figures were very still. Suddenly, Snowflake snorted. The yellow figures emerged from behind the rocks - mountain lions, and gave chase. Norton was going to make his horse run at full speed, but Jake stopped him by shouting, "Don't move. I'll tell you when we will. Be ready to gallop at full speed".

The lions got nearer, and with every step they took, Jake's and Norton's fear grew. The lions pounced when they had reached quite near. "Move", Jake shouted. The horses shot off in a full gallop, and the lions fell down on the ground behind. "Keep moving", Jake said. "I think we can ride on to Tyrus village now. The horses are also a little frightened, so they will run through. We will reach the village at about ten 'o' clock", Norton answered.

After riding for a long time, they could see settlements in the distance. It was one hour to midnight. "At last, Tyrus village", Jake said. "Would it be nice to disturb the people here at this time?", Norton asked. Jake replied, "I'm very sure we will be able to find an inn". The men rode further on.

The whole of Tyrus village was surrounded by bamboo fencing, with eight gates, made of bamboo, between different part of the fence. The houses were made of bamboo, their roof being of straw. There were light poles, also made of bamboo. They saw a shack made of bamboo, which had a sign board, which read, "Bamboo-Inn".

"That must be the inn. I can also see a stable next to it. A good spot for our horses to rest", said Jake. Norton nodded. They both dismounted their horses and lead them to the stables. After that, they went into the Inn inside which a man was stading behind a small desk made of bamboo. The man instantly smiled on seeing them and said, "Would you like to rest for the night, honoured Sirs?". Norton replied, "Yes, we will need a room". The man said, "The cost will be two gold coins and seven copper coins". Jake answered, "That will be fine with us", handing over some coins to the man, and in return the man handed them their room keys, made of bamboo.

Norton said, "Where's our room? Ahem! This hall is occupying the whole space of the shack". The man replied, "Follow me. I'll take you to your room". The innkeeper walked to the corner of the hall and called out, "Come fast!". Jake and Norton ran towards the innkeeper. The innkeeper opened a trapdoor made of bamboo and went down a bamboo ladder. Norton and Jake followed. They were in a long lobby with many bamboo doors on either side. Jake said, "I think the people of this village are obsessed with bamboo". Norton smiled. The innkeeper lead them to their room which Norton and Jake entered. The room had all bamboo stuff. The air conditioner to the fan, the table lamp to the wall light frame, the bed to the carpet, all was made of bamboo. As they were very sleepy, they went to their bamboo beds and drifted into sleep.

Meanwhile, at the castle in Drein...

In the throne room...

"We spotted a fast moving shadow in the castle", shouted the castle guard. "It was huge", the other guard screamed. "Make everyone alert about the fact though we needn't worry at the moment", said the king, addressing the advisor. "Yes, Your Majesty". The advisor went to the top of the castle and shouted in the loud speaker, "Attention the public of Drein-". A huge creature jumped on to the advisor and slit his throat with his sharp steel-like claws.

In the throne room, "What happened to the announcement?", questioned the king. "Well... go and investigate the matter". A dozen guards replied in chorus, "Yes, Your Majesty", marching out of the throne room. They reached the spot where the king's advisor had died. The guards got scared out of their wits at the sight of the dead body. The king's advisor was so badly murdered that his throat was fully slit open and everything was coming out. He was surrounded by a pool of blood. The huge creature, almost the size of the mass of guards combined, attacked again. In the first strike he killed a guard. "Charge!", shouted the squad leader. The guards took out their swords and dashed towards the huge creature. The swords slashed through the huge creature but it remained unaffected.

The huge creature jumped and landed impaling its claws into two of the guards, instantly killing them. He spun around and dug its claws into the guards in quick succession killing almost all of them. Only one survived who managed to escape from the huge creature's eyes and ran downstairs to the throne room. "Monsterrr! Ugh! Monster", the guard entered the throne room shouting and puffing. The king, in haste, walked towards the frightened guard. He held his shoulders and said, "Be calm. What has happened? Tell me in detail". The guard replied, "The advisor is dead. All the other guards are dead. A huge monster... cough... killed them... cough... all".

"Describe the monster", the king asked. "Umm...", the guard started thinking and said, "It was very huge and scaly, like a reptile. It was about twelve feet tall. It had sharp and long, metal like claws on its massive feet and hands. It had a long snout with numerous sharp canines contained in its jaws. It had long yellow eyes and two slits on its snout, maybe its nostrils. It had spikes on its back and many other parts of its body. It looked terrible... sigh!". "Good work guard, now you need some rest", saying this, the king dismissed the guard.

Atix, the warrior chosen by Jake, who was standing nearby, gave his opinion, "Me and my team will go and confront the creature". The king said, "Good luck my friend, all is in your hands". "Hail Drein! May our kingdom and its people be protected", saying this, Atix moved out of the throne room followed by his team. "Get ready all of you, a battle awaits us. You all heard the guard, the monster seems to be ferocious", Atix said. As soon as the team reached the top of the castle, they spotted the huge creature jump off the top of the castle and land in the courtyard in front of the castle. Sinister, the magician of the team, murmured an incantation and the whole team got teleported to the courtyard right in front of the huge creatue.

"It's an Aquentis! Yes it is!", shouted Lavista. The Aquestis shot some spikes out of its hand at the team but everyone dodged it. Senister created a force field at the perimeter of the courtyard so as to stop the creature from escaping. Atix slashes the creature with his broadsword but it remained unaffected. "Wah! It's invulnerable to our attacks. How's that possible!", exclaimed Robina, the archer. "It's an undead. We need Etho Elixir to make it vulnerable to our attacks", said Atix, dodging the spikes shot at him.

"Well, I have a vial of Etho with me, take this!", Lavista said, throwing the vial towards Atix. Atix quikly emptied the contents of the vial on his sword and again charged towards teh Aquentis. Its eyes narrowed and in defence, it held up its massive forelimbs to block the attack. However, Atix was too fast for it. Atix jumped and struck his sword right in the center of its chest. The Aquestis let out a groan of agony and pull out the sword from its chest and threw it with Atix.

Meanwhile, Senister had prepared a binding spell which he shot at the Aquentis. The force field around the courtyard had disappeared by now and the king and other courtiers had assembled near the severely injuered and bound Aquentis. "Aah! So this is the ferocious creature. It really is ferocious" , said the king, staring at it. "Jake has really chosen the best", Robina said, "Now I think we should kill it".

"No! We have to know the purpose of its visit. We may get some useful information", said Senister, looking at Robina. Robina nodded. Atix leaned over the Aquentis. "It's alive, not dead yet", said Lavista calmly. Atix stood up with a jerk, "Oh! Yeah, gosh!".Senister rolled his eyes and said, "Ah! kid'o' don't be scared. It is harmless now". Atix bent over the Aquentis and said, "Ah! Now spit out the plans of your army. Tell us everything or else we will kill you".

"Please don't, I'll tell you people everything I know. Just don't kill me", said the Aquentis loudly. "That's better blabber mouth". "Li... Lich... Lichendrone, my leader, our leader, the group of undead's leader sent me here to spy on you people and to know your plans...". "Bunk it, we just want to know your plans now", said Robina, shaking her head in anger. "Arr! The undeads have planned to attack your city and conquer it. They are creating a huge army in the isolated space at the end of the Chaos tunnels. I myself don't know the way to the Barrack chamber, the tunnels are too confusing. They will be attacking your city in about a week or so... Ah! I don't know more about their plans". "Lies", screamed Lavista, standing on her teos. "I.. I.. tell the truth", groaned the Aquentis. "He is telling the truth", said the king. Lavista frowned at the Aquentis and walked back to the castle. "I hope Jake and Norton are alright".

# Further Plans

Back at the way to Chaos tunnels, Jake and Norton had almost reached the entrance to them. "Finally! We are almost there", said Jake. "Yeah, only fifteen to twenty minutes of journey left", replied Norton, trying to make his horse's speed match that of Jake's horse by kicking it on its sides. The more closer they got to the entrance of the Chaos tunnels, the more clearer the sky became. "I have got a strong feeling of negativity", said Jake.

After a few minutes the graveyard could be seen at a distance and something red hovering over it. "I think it's the same red mist we saw back on our way", said Norton. After getting very close to the graveyard, Jake replied, "I'm afraid, you are right". They entered the graveyard premises. They dismounted their horses and tied them to one of the nearby dead trees. Next moment, they heard a shriek which came from somewhere below them. They both stood rooted to the ground. "What was that?", asked Norton, frightened. "How would I know? I am here with you. Let's get moving", said Jake, moving towards the crevice located at the center of the graveyard. As soon as the reached the crevice, another shriek could be heard, louder than the previous one. "This is creeping me up", said Jake.

They could see an underground passage through the crevice. "How are we going to get down there?", asked Norton. "We could tie a rope to that boulder and descend down from it", replied Jake, pointing towards a huge, heavy boulder. Norton nodded and took out a thick coil of rope from his backpack. Jake took the rope from Norton and tied it firmly to the heavy boulder and dropped the loose part of the rope down the crevice. They descended down the rope and were now standing on a rough surface. It was pitch dark inside except for a beam of light entering from the crevice above which lighted a small area below it.

"Wooh! It is very dark in here, we will need a torch", said Jake. "I have got an unlit torch with me, we just need a spark to light it up", said Norton, taking out the unlit torch out of his backpack, "We could use two round and smooth stones to create a spark". After searching for a little time they found perfect stones for creating a spark. Jake rubbed the stones together until they became hot. In a little while he created a spark and they had a blazing fire in the torch. Instantly, everything in the tunnel became visible.

A long passage could be seen ahead, with until torches on the side walls of the tunnel on either side every ten metres. Many stalactites hung from the roof while a few stalagmites scarred the ground. Norton took a torch from the side wall and lit it using the already lit torch. Jake and Norton walked abreast lighting the torches on the side walls. After some time, they could see a wall in the middle of the path which divided into two tunnels. Norton said, "Which way should we go?". Jake hummed 'eena meena maino mo' and then chose the left path. "This one".

They walked towards the left path. "I have a strong feeling that we have chosen the wrong path", said Norton. "Oh! Come on, be optimistic", said Jake, patting Norton on his back. After walking for a long time, they reached a dead end. Norton said, "Be optimistic, huh!", in a sarcastic way. They walked back the path and chose the right path.

After walking for some time they could see two shadowy figures fighting - or dancing - or doing some rituals as Jake thought. As they got closer, they could see a zombie and a human, which was wearing a black cloak trimmed with gold and his head covered with a black hood. They slowly walked towards the scene where the two were fighting, as Jake could now see. After a fierce battle, they body of the zombie lay still on the ground. The human stood perfectly alright with not a single scratch on his body. "Hey!", shouted Jake and started running towards the mysterious man, but before Jake could reach him, he disappeared into thin air leaving behind a greyish-white aura which also disappeared after some time.

"Whoa! What was that?", asked Norton. Jake replied, "I guess he teleported". Suddenly, the men could see red mist emanating out of the zombie's body. Soon after, no flesh could be seen. Only the skeleton was left behind, and the red mist. "Did you see that? Its flesh converted to red mist", said Norton. Jake replied, "This only must have been the cause of the mist we had seen earlier. Undeads would have died on that spot". "But why did they need to go there?". "Maybe they were coming to spy on us". "Well, that is what we are doing". "Yes, but we have to complete our mission quickly. First we have to know their plans, and then form our own". "Well, now let's get moving".

The men continued their journey. After travelling for a long time on a winding path, selecting ways, reaching dead ends and turning back, they finally reached a place where two paths met with a circle like area in the center. One was the path from where they had come. "It seems to me that we have reached our destination, or are very close to it", said Norton. Jake commented, "At last, some optimism". "Hey, I can hear noises. Be quiet and listen", said Norton. After a few moments of silence, Jake nodded. Norton noticed that the voices were coming from a hollow area on the other side of a small, incomplete wall. The hollow area could be seen by leaning over the wall through the empty space between it and the roof. "Hey, Jake! Look at this", Norton said, looking into the big hole below. Jake quickly came and leaned over the wall. The abyss like area below was full of undead. Jake whispered, "This is the time to spy. We have to be patient and keep listening".

"-soon we will conquer the city", an undead was saying. "Yes, soon we will", seconded a vampire. An Aquentis appeared from the gateway of the abyss and announced, "There are some changes in our plans. Instead of attacking the city of Drein in a week's time, we will first assemble our army in these Chaos tunnels. Then we will attack the city directly with full force". "How much time will it take to get ready?", asked a tall, dark undead standing nearby. "About two weeks. Our plans will be delayed only by a week", replied the Aquentis. A conversation took place which was inaudible to Jake and Norton. They could only see strange figures moving in and out of the abyss.

Suddenly, a werewolf looked up and spotted Norton's and Jake's faces sticking out of the wall. "Spies, spies!", shouted the werewolf. Everyone looked at Norton and Jake, who became struck with a bolt of fear. The Aquentis shouted, "Don't let them escape". A vampire clapped his hands, and the next moment, Jake and Norton became surrounded by black fog. Out of the fog appeared hundres of men, which surrounded the men. They looked around in fright, standing still and not able to think.

"Quck, break the teleport tablet", cried Norton. The men quickly took out the tablets and dropped them on the ground, crushing them with their feet. The instant the tablets were crushed, a warp opened up beneath the men and sucked them in. Norton and Jake could see  that they now stood in the castle courtyard, the afternoon sun shining brightly upon them. "Oof! The light is blinding", said Jake. Norton replied, "Well yes, but I am liking it after so much of darkness".

The men went inside the castle to the throne room. "Jake, Norton, how have you been? Was your trip successful?", asked the king. "Yes! It was, Your Majesty", said Norton. Jake added, "Though we had to escape using the teleport tablet. We got spotted by the undeads and they had surrounded us. We were on the verge of death. If Sensiter had not given us the tablets, we would have been killed, or even worse, captured". "So, what information did you get?", the king asked. Norton and Jake narrated the whole story and the plans they heard to the king and everyone else present in the room. "Hmm! So the undead are preparing to attack the city in about two weeks", the king took a deep breath, "So, the time has come when we will have to gather our forces and confront the undead face to face. We have to get our army ready".

Lavista came forward and said, "Battling the undead will be difficult. To make them vulnerable to our attacks, we will need the Etho elixir. A lot of it will be needed". The king said, "Can the required amount be readied in two weeks?". "Yes Your Majesty. I think all the healers together can accomplish this task". "Prepare the elixir and distribute it to everyone in the army. Without it, we are completely useless". "Yes, Your Majesty". Lavista left the room to gather and instruct all the healers.

Atix said, "Robina and I will go prepare the army". Saying this, they walked out of the room. The king ordered, "Senister, go prepare the magicians. Jake, I have to discuss something with you". Everyone went to manage their tasks. Just then, Norton came forward and asked, "What orders for me, Your Majesty?". The king said, "Continue your efforts on spying the undead, this time more concentrated in the Chaos tunnels, but don't neglect other places either". Norton bowed and retired. Jake said, "Your Majesty, I suppose you wanted to discuss something with me". The king replied, "Oh! Yes, come with me to the conference room", Jake and the king headed towars the conference room.

They went and sat there on two chairs, settled down and started talking. "Jake, what should we do? We do not have much idea about the undead army. If we gather all our forces and prepare the army against only the undead, we will have many weak points left. Other kingdoms will get a golden opportunity to attack us". "Your Majesty, do not worry. I have got a plan. We are a mighty kingdom and we also have peaceful relationships with all. The chances of other kingdoms attacking us are very less. We do not even know from where the undead will attack us. We have to station our army everywhere around the kingdom. Drein has to be thoroughly protected. We should get our defensive ring as the outer one, and all the soldiers and weapons can be kept in the inner ring. Archers have a long range. They can finish some of the undead from the inner ring. These rings can be made just at the border of the city. The city wall will also give us a good defence". "Good one, I like it", said the king with more confidence in his voice. "Let the preparation begin, inform everyone". "Yes, Your Majesty. I will immediately go and inform everyone".

Jake rushed to Atix and said, "Atix, I have some work for you". He related his whole plan to him. Atix replied, "Very good plan. I will get the catapults and other things ready". After that, Jake went to all the other members of his team and narrated his plan. Everyone got ready in the preparations for the forthcoming war.

The peace of the city was disrupted as everyone was overwhelmed with fear, first of the war and second, they were afraid of the undead. The place had become an inferno, with preparations of war going on on one side and people panicking on the other.

# War

The castle, situated in the center of Drein, was severely protected with armed guards all around it, archers stationed in its towers and huge catapults behind its walls. A huge amount of the Etho elixir had been prepared. Even the walls of the castle had been smeared with it. In the outskirts of Drein, two rings as suggested by Jake had been prepared, one outside the city walls and one inside. All the weapons had been smeared with the Etho elixir and shooters had been prepared which would go up in the air and rain down the elixir on the army of the undead. Archers were stationed on the towers of Drein's wall, protected by armed warriors and magicians. Healers were at a distance, who would keep on healing the troops. All the people of the city had been summoned to live behind the protected walls of the castle. The people in the rest of the kingdom were asked to go into hiding. Two weeks had passed in all these preparations.

After two weeks...

The king, seated in the throne room, stood up and said, "I can hear marching sound. The time of war has come. The undead army's marching sound can be heard till here. Alert everyone". The people who were expecting the undead army to attack that day, got the news soon. The king quickly took his horse and the huge army stationed in the palace and lead it to the war front, inside the main gate of Drein. The army of the undead could be seen marching towards the city on the horizon. Moment by moment, step by step, the army was getting closer.

As the army got quite close, the king said, "Hey! The king of the undead people cannot be seen. The army is not being lead by anyone". A variety of vicious creatures could be seen in the undead army. There were zombies, vampires, vyrewatches, Aquentises, ghouls, skeletal warriors and archers, and ugly giants. They were followed by a pack of werewolves and vevrinths flying around over them. The evening sun set, leaving just an orange glow in the sky. The Drein army moved out of the city premises and the king ordered that the city gates be closed.

"Rain the Etho elixir on them. Archers, shoot". The shooters were shot in the air and a silver coloured transluscentn liquid started raining over the undead army. Because of this, the undeads became vulnerable to attacks and also became a little weaker. The arrows of the archers also rained on the undead army. Many undeads died due to them. For a moment, the whole undead army was covered in red mist and nothing was visible.

The king asked Jake, "What is this red, misty thing?". Jake replied, "When an undead dies, a red mist is left behind". The army of the undead appeared out of the mist, charging towards Drein's army. The king nodded his head, looking at Lavista. Lavista nodded in agreement and shot a flame arrow in the sky. The next moment, many creeky noises could be heard. The catapults had shot huge boulders directly onto the undead army. The archers were still shooting. As soon as the boulders started falling, the undead army was again covered in red mist. It remained like that for a few minutes, after which many arrows shot out of it.

"Raise the shields", the king ordered. The troops raised their shields to protect themselves from the arrows. When the mist cleared, it could be seen that almost half of the undead army had depleted. The catapults and archers had not stopped shooting as the undead army had come very close to Drein's army. Now, the archers who were stationed in front of the outer ring started shooting.

The undead began to organise themselves in two parallel rows. From behind them a huge giant came running between the rows and jumped on the army of Drein, instantly killing a few soldiers. Jake, who was seeing this, analysed what was going to happen and so had ordered the other soldiers to move away from the spot where the giant had jumped. As soon as the giant landed, a catapult fired a huge boulder on the giant. It shattered on him, injuring him badly. As soon as the giant fell towards the ground, Jake started running towards the giant, jumped, and landed on the ground beside him. He quickly climbed the giant's chest and pierced it with his blade. After some time, the giant's head, which was a little raised, fell to the ground and red mist started emanating from its body.

The giants in the undead army on the other side roared with indignance. However, it seemed that they had become a little frightened because the undead army had charged forward but they were left behind. The zombies, human like with very little skin on them, and bare flesh with a little bone visible in most parts, walked in a strange manner, as if they were limping. The confronted the soldiers of Drein face to face, though they were weaker and were killed easily. The vevrinths, looking exactly like humans but with a very fair complexion and huge, jet black wings, started flying around over Drein's army. They had small, pit like depressions on their palm from which they shot purple coloured spiked balls of energy, which killed a few soldiers, and were killing more. The healers who were concealed behind the city walls were successful in healing a few soldiers. 

Senister, with the help of the other magicians, created a large force field around the city of Drein so that any of the undead creature could not enter. Robina ordered the archers, "Take close aim and shoot those flying creatuers. They are costing our army too much". The vevrinths started being shot by the archers. The sky got covered with red mist. However, it did not disrupt the archers' accuracy. The vampires and werewolves came in and started attacking the army and the vyrewatches, very much like vampires but with a pair of bat like wings, appeared in the sky. Robina said, "Don't leave those vyrewatches. Shoot them also"". The Aquentises and the ghouls joined the battle on the ground with the zombies and others while the skeletal archers, warriors and giants stood behind. Atix ordered that the catapults be used for the undead remaining behind. All the archers were ordered to concentrate on the flying creatures. Huge boulders started being fired from behind the city walls on to the undead army afar. In the way to that place, the boulders also hit some of the airborne creatures. Jake said, "Very good. The catapults are really helping".

All the skeletal archers were dead and the skeletal warriors also had significantly depleted. The giants were not killed but were injured. Those remaining undeads joined the battle now. The king ordered, "Release the giant sabretooths". Sabretooths are huge, tiger like creatures, white in colour with huge, saber like teeth, true to their name. Sabertooths are known to be the enemy of the undead. Many of these sabertooths ran out of a gate from inside the city and started tearing the undead with their huge teeth. "Wow, this is good defence. The archers are taking care of the vyrewatches and vevrinths, the soldiers are killing zombies, ghouls and skeletons. The sabretooths prefer big ones, so they will of course battle the giants and some small creatures too who come in their way. The vampires and werewolves are also being given tough competition by our troops. Well, but the Aquentises are gaining over us. Come Atix, Jake, we shall slay them", said the king, his boldness and strength of previous wars returning to him. "Yes, Your Majesty", replied Jake and Atix in a chorus.

The king said, "I think we should replenish the Etho elixir on our blades. The undead are appearing to become more weaker when more of it is used". "Well figured, Your Majesty", Atix answered. Jake seconded, "Your Majesty, we have another shower of Etho elixir left. We can rain it down again to make the undead further weaker". The king replied, "No Jake, we shall use it if our army is losing badly. The healers are doing quite a good job and so our army is not depleting. I don't think this is the last war against the undead. If not used, the elixir can be used later". In all this talking, they were slaying zombies and skeletons. Atix said, "Come on now, to the Aquentises".

Everyone got into form, took their horses and rode towards where the Aquentises were gathered, rampaging Drein's army. It was only in this part where the army of the city of Drein was losing. Jake, Atix and the king smeared the Etho elixir on their swords and each charged towards an Aquentis. The Aquentises started battling them but seemed to be too strong for them to defeat one on one. "Hey, let's all take one together. That way we will be able to kill it easily", Atix suggested. Everyone came together and charged towards an Aquentis. The king charged directly in front of the Aquentis. As soon as he was very near to the Aquentis, he pull the reins of his horse with a jerk. The horse suddenly reared up and push the Aquentis with his forelegs. It fell to the ground with a big THUD. Atix quickly jumped off his horse and stabbed the Aquentis with a dagger he had in his pocket. Though this kind of attack would have been insufficient to kill an Aquentis, the dagger had struck on its weak spot and so it died on the spot.

"Well! One down, a few more to go", Jake said, galloping towards another Aquentis. When his horse reached near it, the Aquentis took to the air and came behind the horse. Jake jumped off his horse, pointing his swords backwards. It impaled the Aquentis who was following the horse close behind. "Nice kill Jake, using the Aquentis' speed to drive the blade through it", said the king. "What a fluke!", Jake thought. Like this, one by one, they started taking down the Aquentises.

On the other side, all the giants had been killed by the sabretooths. The vevrinths and vyrewatches were also down by now. The zombies, ghouls and skeletal warriors were almost totally diminished. The remaining ones were taken care of by the magicians. Only the vampires, werewolves and Aquentises remained. The sabretooths had come on to kill the Aquentises so the kind, Atix and Jake moved to the vampires. After a tough battle with the Aquentises, the vampires were too easy to handle for them.

"We have almost won. Only a few undead are left. We can slay them all", the king shouted. It was a very tough competiton for the remaining undead as the archers, warriors and magicians were all concentrating on them. The healers were also healing more efficiently as they had to heal less people. Till dawn, all the undeads had been killed except for a few werewolves. The werewolves started running away as the sun was about to rise and there were only five of them left against the whole army of Drein. "Hey! They are running. Don't let them escape", said the king, giving chase with Atix and Jake. Their horses were galloping at full speed but still they could only match the speed of the werewolves.

# Way to Chaos

After a little run in the woods outside the city, they saw the werewolves disappearing into a hole in the ground. "Hey! Where are they going? What's that?", Atix asked. Jake replied, "I think it is some kind of hole. Let's follow them". All the three rode on to the hole and got down from the horses. "Oh! I just remembered. The horses Norton and I had taken earlier. They would still be tied near the graveyard", Jake said. The king replied, "We do not have time to go and rescue those horses now. But this time, we will not tie our horses here. We will let them free. I don't think they will run too far from here. They will surely be found near the river. Now come. We do not have much time".

All of them came near the hole and leaned over to see inside it. "Hmm! Not very deep. We can easily jump inside it", saying this, Atix jumped inside the hole and disappeared. Jake and the king followed. As soon as they reached down, they saw a long way ahead of them, and just a few paces away, Norton was standing. "Hey! Norton! What are you doing here?", Jake asked, very happy on seeing his old partner. "Greetings! Your Majesty, Jake, Atix. Your Majesty, you told me to continue spying in the Chaos tunnels. Till now I have discovered many things. But first tell me, what news of Drein and how have you come here?", Norton asked. The king answered, "Well, the undead army attacked Drein and we won. A pack of werewolves who were left, escaped, so we followed them. They went into a hole, we descended it and saw you". "Yes, and this hole is just a five to ten minute journey from Drein", Atix added.

"Oh, so the wolves I saw running from here. Needless to say, they had a very frightened look on their faces. But now, the main matter of concern is that these Chaos tunnels have an entrance very near to the city. That makes Drein very vulnerable", Norton said. Jake replied, "Well, that is right, but we cannot do anything about it. You tell us about your adventures". Norton started saying, "I did not know about this entrance of these tunnels, so I entered from the crevice in the graveyard. I went along the same route by which Jake and I had gone earlier. I did not find any undead till I reached the abyss. The abyss was also completely empty. I managed to jump into the abyss and exit from there. Further ahead, the paths were very confusing. I did not know where I was going and I had also got cut off from the rest of my team. In the way, I confronted many dangerous creatures in this cave but not any undead. Facing the obstacles and finding my path, I have reached here. I jumped here from there", Norton finished, pointing towards a high ledge.

"But how can we escape from this chamber?" The ledge from which Norton jumped cannot be scaled from here. The hole from which we came is just like a hole in the middle of the roof. It is unreachable. It is just this path here and a little room ahead, with some crates lying there. I think we're stranded!", Atix exclaimed. Jake went ahead to the little room to investigate it. Everyone followed. Atix, excitement, sprinted behind Jake and pushed him by mistake. Jake fell on a crate and smashed it. He suddenly disappeared into the ground.

"Oww. That hurts", Jake's voice came from somewhere below the ground. Norton went and looked in the crate, which had a hole in it and Jake was lying below it. "Wow Jake! You've discovered an exit from this room!", he exclaimed. Atix said, "You should give the credit to me". Everyone left above jumped down the hole and landed on a very smooth surface. The king lended his hand to Jake. Taking support, he got up and dusted his pants, "Thank you, Your Majesty".

A very long path could be seen ahead. Till their vision could go, they saw a very small light green speck in the end. "Now we just have to keep walking", Norton said. Atix complained, "Oh! I hate this darkness. Can't we have a little light here?". Jake answered, "Indeed we can, but we have enough light here to see our path. We should not waste the torches". After walking for several minutes, the green speck got bigger and the cave was filled with light. The bright yellow light seemed to have no source, it just spread in the cave evenly. The path widened into a huge hall like chamber. The green speck was a waterfall with light green water flowing in it. It was situated at the end of the hall, after a small passage from it. Three different paths emanated from the great hall. The paths could be seen bending and so only the walls of the cave could be seen.

"Hey! Look at that waterfall. It has greenish coloured water flowing in it", the king said, pointing towards it. A loose ring flew out of his finger and ended up in the waterfall. The ring instantly got heated so much that it caught fire and varpourised in front of their eyes. "Whoa! What was that now?", Atix asked. Jake replied, "The water seems to be very dangerous. We have to be careful so that it does not touch us".

The king noticed a gear like metal wheel fixed on the wall near the waterfall. "Now what is that? And what are the funny little shapes carved into it?". During all this time, Norton had slipped out from the hall onto a path leading to a chamber. In the hall, Atix looked around and asked, "Where's Norton?". The very next moment, Norton appeared from one path and shouted, "Look what I found!". Everyone turned towards Norton, who held a diamond shaped piece of metal in his hand. "I found it on a pedestal at the end of one path", he said. "Now, what is that?", Jake asked. The king was still looking at the metal wheel near the waterfall and saw that it had exactly the same diamon shaped carving as Norton had found.

"Look here. Maybe tat piece will fit it here. Give me the piece". Norton handed over the piece to the king. He took it and pushed it in the carving made in the wheel. "A perfect fit", he said. Atix suggested, "Maybe there is one metal piece at the end of each path starting form this hall. We have to take all the pieces and put and put them into the wheel". "Well, that seems to be inevitable, but only if there are such pieces at the end of the other two paths. We will make teams. Atix and I will go and look in one path. Your Majesty, you and Norton can go and investigate the other path", Jake said. Everyone agreed to Jake's plan and the king ordered, "Let's move on".

He and Norton selected a path and entered it. They went ahead and turned around the bend. After walking for some time, the king stepped on a very thin, hardly visible thread. The next moment, two arrows from either side of the wall shot horizontally towards the oppisite walls. One of them went between Norton's legs and one just missed the king's head. "Oh! What a miss. We have to be careful", said the king. The king got a little frightened and froze on the spot, but Norton comforted him and urged him to go on. After some time, they saw that their path was blocked by a wall like structure which was almost half as high as the roof of the tunnel. "I suppose we will have to climb this wall and jump on the other side", Norton said. They both started scaling the wall and reached the top.

"Aah! What's that?", Norton shouted loudly with fear. The ground on the other side of the wall was laid with small stalagmites all over till a small distance. "Okay! Now let's stop here for a few seconds and catch our breath. Then one by one, we will jump over to the other side of the stalagmites", the king suggested, but it was in vain. The very next moment, the wall started falling onto the stalagmites. "Jump quickly, and hold my hands", the king ordered Norton. They both jumped, holding hands. The king managed to escape the stalagmites by an inch.

"Help me. Aah!", Norton shouted, as he was going to land directly on the pointed spikes. The king, who was holding his hands, pulled him towards himself and made him jump over his shoulders ahead of him. "Oh! Thank you, Your Majesty. You saved my life", Norton said. The king answered, "That was my duty. Now come quickly. We have to find the metal piece, if it exists". Norton replied, "Yes, but we shall return if this path separates out into two or joins another path". The king nodded in agreement.

After going further, the walls of the tunnel narrowed and stalactites appeared on the roof. The king and Norton, ignorant of them and the dangers they had to face ahead, were walking steadily but with caution. Norton stepped on a raised, tile like piece in the ground which got pushed in by his weight. "Oh! Oh! Trouble!", he thought, and shouted, "Run!". He held the king's hand and pulled him while running very fast. The king also gathered speed and sprinted ahead. Behind them, the stalactitel started falling, layer by layer. They ran till the stalactites above had all fallen and they were quite ahead of them. "Now, you saved my life, see. It was a close miss", the king said. Norton smiled and replied, "I just hope we do find the piece. All of our efforts shouldn't go waste".

The path ahead was straight and plain. The king and Norton easily crossed the path and reached a chamber in which a pedestal was placed in the middle. On top of it was a gold coloured sun shaped piece. The floor was yellowish brown in colour, just like that of a desert. On the floor, beside the cylindrical pedestal were many tiles arranged in rings made by three concentric circles. The roof had many rectangular slits, directly overhead the tiles.

"This room is strange. Anyways, let's get the metal piece". However, Norton was not listening to the king. He was busy reading an inscription carved on the front wall, opposite the entrance to the chamber. "What's there in it?", the king looked at the inscription and asked. Norton replied, "It says that only the most witty person will get the reward". "What does that mean? Sounds like a puzzle to me. Whatever it might be, I'm taking the piece", the king said, and stepped on to a tile on the outermost ring. The tile was forced in by his weight and three rectangular blocks came out of the slits in the roof and fell on the three tiles in the middle ring in front of him. Norton said, "It surely is a puzzle".

The king switched to the tile beside the one on which he was standing. The rightmost blocks rose up into the slit and another one came down, blocking three tiles in front of the king. He said, "Incredible". Norton moved on to a tile which was opposite the king's tile on the outermost ring. The block in the middle layer which was directly in front of the king rose up and a block fell in front of Norton. The king moved on to the tile in front of him. Three blocks behind the king in the outermost ring slammed down on the tiles. The block in front of Norton rose up and three blocks fell in front of the king in the innermost ring.

Norton took one step forward to the middle ring. Upto one tile besides Norton was hit by blocks falling from the roof, making him completely trapped. "Help! I'm trapped", Norton shouted. The king replied, "Wait a minute. I'm confused". The king had only two tiles to move on to, one on the left and one on the right. The king moved one tile to the left. A block fell on the tile on which he was standing before. The block to Norton's left rose up. Norton moved to the only tile remaining on his left. This time, the king became trapped in exactly the same manner in which Norton was trapped before.

Norton was left completely empty, with no blocks surrounding him. The king could not see anything, as everything from the roof to the ground was walled with the blocks, which made a tiny room like structure to conceal him inside. "Aah! Help me. Now I am trapped", he shouted. Norton replied, "You're fully trapped and I am left completely free to move anywhere". The king said, "What are you waiting for then? Go, take your prize". Norton took one step forward to the innermost ring, directly in front of the metal piece. No activity of the blocks was observed this time. Norton grabbed the gear on the pedestal and all the blocks on the tiles rose up. Norton said, smiling, "I have got it". The king replied, "Well, now I can see that very clearly. Good job".

On the other side, Atix and Jake had almost reached the gear chamber. Their path was a very long one but they did not face any difficulty in crossing it. Atix said, "How long will it take us to reach the end of this path? I'm starting to get tired". Jake shrugged.

After some time, they reached the gear chamber. Jake spotted the gear, which was star shaped and silver in colour. "Ah! At last! Let's take it and get going". Atix went and tried to grab the gear, but as soon as he had touched it, a great amount of energy erupted from the pedestal and pushed him backwards, away from the gear. It sent him flying across the chamber and he smashed onto a nearby wall of the chamber.

"Oww!", Atix cried in pain. Suddenly, the roof above started shaking. The center part of the roof crumbled to dust and down fell a huge giant, but not as the usual ones that were seen in the war. It looked more ferocious, like a wild beast, fully coloured in shades of red, with huge, yellow fangs emanating downwards from its jaw. It landed down on the pedestal, which broke and crumbled to dust. The sudden force exerted on the ground made it vibrate vigorously. It roared loudly and beat its chest with its fists.

"That's so ferocious. Looks dangerous", Atix said. Jake replied, "Whatever it might be, it is evident that we have to confront it before getting the gear". "Okay the, Charge!", saying this, Atix took out his sword and started running towards the big, red giant. "Hey, wait. Do not forget about the Etho elixir", Jake shouted out from behind. It was too late and Atix had already pushed in his sword into the giant's foot. The giant groaned in pain. It lost its balance and fell down backwards. Atix's sword was still stuck in its foot. "That is strange. This monster does not seem to be an undead. It got hurt without the Etho elixir", Atix said. The monster quickly got up and took out the sword from its foot. It then flung it towards Atix. However, Jake being quick, jumped in front of Atix and blocked the flying sword with his own. The flying sword was coming with so much force that instead of flying away, it stayed in contact with Jake's sword for a while and then dropped down. Atix quickly picked it up and come into form.

"Atix, lend me your sword", said Jake, helping himself and taking the sword from Atix's hands. He ran and jumped in front of the giant. He quickly slahed off his jaws and then impaled the two swords, one onti its chest and one onto its head. Jake pushed the giant to the ground and landed safely. The red monster fell down dead. Jake and Atix went and took out their swords. "At last. It's dead", Jake said. Atix replied, "Yes, but the thing we came for is the gear. Maybe this monster was protecting it. Now we will have to find it in this mess. Everything has been converted to dust. The gear would be somewhere beneath it".

Atix and Jake moved to the center of the chamber. They dug their hands into the sand like dust and moved them through it, trying to locate the gear. Suddenly, Atix's hands struck a hard object. He removed it and saw that it was the gear. Jake said, "Well done Atix. Now let's return to the waterfall".

The king and Norton had already reached the waterfall when Atix and Jake arrived. The king asked, "We found our gear. What about you?". Jake replied, "We too found it". The king received all the gears and went and fixed them in the wheel near the waterfall. A huge rock slab appeared from the archway and divided the flow of the water into tow. All the four men crossed the bridge over a pool of the substance flowing in the waterfall and passsed from beneath the slab.

# Twin Battles

A long passage lay ahead of them. It was almost perfectly straight, and a chamber was visible at its end, with a moving figure in it. As they got closer to the chamber, they could see two moving figures in it. Finally when they reached the chamber, they could see two titans roaming around in it.

"What are those huge giant creatures?", Norton asked. Atix replied, "Those are titans. They are made up of the forces of nature. These two which we see ahead are made of the elements of steel and rock". "So now, do we have to fight them?", Jake asked. Atix replied, "Titans are generally aggressive in nature. It is inevitable that we have to fight them". The king said, "It would be difficult to fight creatures made of rock and steel. Even our swords can break". Jake added, "Yes, that is true. We won't use our swords this time. If they break, we will be in trouble in our journeys ahead". "Okay, then let's charge", said Norton, and ran in to the chamber. "Don't they look smaller than usual?", Jake asked. Atix answered, "They are dwarves".

Norton, who had by now reached into the chamber, had seeked the attention of the two titans and was having trouble saving himself from their attacks. However, he seemed to be safe as he was quick and was running between the legs of the titans whereas the titans, being huge and heavy, were very slow. "Hey! Come on guys! Help me!", Norton shouted from inside the chamber. Everyone quickly became alert and entered the chamber ahead where the rock titan and the steel titan were ambushing Norton. "Come on! We got to help him. He already looks down with fatigue", cried out the king. Atix announced, "And no swords. Oh yes! I just remembered, harm their eyes. That's the only part of them we can attack". Jake said, "That is a good idea, but how do we reach there? They're as high as a three storey building". "Yes, and we cannot even use weapons", the king added. Jake said, "Maybe we can find a way to escape while fighting".

Atix, being bold, tried to attack the steel titan directly. He attracted the attention of both the titans, who started attacking him. In the meantime, Norton, getting a change, easily climbed the rock titan and reached its neck. He climed up his head and stuck in his hands into the eyes of the rock titan. "Oww! Even its eyes are made up of rocks", Norton said, jumping off from the titan. Atix replied, "What else could they be? You expect them to be made of grapes?". The king broke in the conversation, "Enough of that now. No time for your jokes. Look, Norton has done his work".

Norton's attack really did seem to have some effect on the rock titan as it now covered its eyes with his hands and was out of balance, tripping all around the chamber. "Mind yourselves. Don't get crumpled under their feet", Jake shouted. All the four men sheltered themselves under the entrance of the chamber, while the rock titan fell down on the steel titan. It was apparent that they both had suffered serious injuries. Both the titans quickly stood up and looked towards the men. The rock titan's eye hadn't taken much damage. The steel titan raised its leg and suddenly banged it on the ground, creating an encore. Just like in an avalanche, a pile of rocks fell behind the four men, blocking the entrance to the chamber.

# Altair

Both the titans charged towards the four men, who had to take out their swords to defend themselves. "Oh! Oh! We are trapped", Jake shouted. The king said, "Now we will have to use our weapons. But be careful, do not break your swords. The best way is to chip off small pieces of their flesh, or whatever it is". Everyone agreed to this statement. Norton advised, "And remember, offence is the best form of defence". Atix shouted, "Okay the, charge!". All the four men charged with their swords out. They started chipping off the titans. The titans groaned in agony and retaliated. The titans, because of their huge size, posed a great threat to each and every one of the men and so they gained the upper hand. After some time, everyone in the chamber was badly tired, except the titans who seemed to have an unlimited boost of stamina. The fight was in a scene in which all the four men were cornered by the titans, who were ready to make the final blow.

Suddenly, a loud voice came from behind the titans, "Stop. Leave them". In an instant, the titans freezed, and then they smashed against each other, breaking out into more than thousands of pieces. A lot of dust had blown and the whole chamber was covered with pieces of rock and steel flying here and there. The titans were destroyed, but visibility remained zero for several minutes. Slowly, everything cleared and a human like figure became visible. A man was standing in the middle of the chamber, wearing white, long robes, with ancient scripts embroidered on joints. His head was covered with a white hood, which was also trimmed with the ancient script. He was wearing black coloured gloves and stockings, with shoes of the same colour. He was levitating in the air with his arms stretched. The power of his aura was so intense that it could be seen in shining blue colour to the four men standing in the corner, completely frozen with fear.

Slowly, the aura disappeared from around the man and he dropped to the ground, losing consciousness. Atix said, "He saved our lives. Who is he?". Jake replied, "Whoever he is, he is very powerful. He does not seem to be dangerous. And look! He is lying there unconscious. Now it is our turn to help him". Everyone came near the man lying on the floor. Norton said, "Someone, raise his hood". Nobody moved. Everyone was too frightened to accomplish this task. "Never mind, we have to continue our journey. But remember, we cannot leave our life saviour in a state like this. Jake, take him on your shoulders. Now, let's move on", the king announced.

Jake did as he was instructed and then everyone moved towards the exit of the chamber. The ground was still littered with pieces of the titans, and that made all the four men remember the time, just a few minutes ago, in which they were on the verge of death. As soon as they exited the chamber, they reached another one, smaller than the previous one. Atix said, "What is this, just wall, no exit. These Chaos tunnels are getting on my nerves". Norton answerd, "Be observant Atix. Look at the roof. There is a big hole in it".

Jake put the man in the white robes down on the ground and have his opinion, "We won't be able to climb up till there. There must be some specific way. Till we figure it out, I will tend to this man". The king, Atix and Norton settle down in one corner to discuss possible ways of climbing up to the hole while Jake kneeled down beside the unconscious man. He tried many things to wake him up. He shook him, sprinkled water over him, but every time he failed. At last, he decided to raise his hood. As soon as he touched it, the man caught Jake's hand gently and put it aside. Then he stood up slowly and looked up at the hole in the roof. He then looked at the three men who were gazing at him in amazement. He stretched his arms and then joined them in front of him, his aura coming into visibility. In a split second, all the people were above the hole, in a beautiful formed garden with white fencing all around it. It had a wooden gate, which was also painted in white. Outside, there were only trees, trees and trees.

The garden had a huge, beautiful, white coloured fountain of water. There were eight, beautifully carved mahogany benches, two on each side of the square garden. It had patches of land full of flowers - roses, sunflowers, carnations and many more on the four corners of the garden. Grape vines covered two opposite fences of the garden, those adjacent to the gate side. There was a path around the fountain and in a cross shape which connected the fountain path to the centres of the edtes of the garden. "Wow, what a beautiful garden. At last, some light...", said Atix. Jake inturrpedted in between, "Look, this man who teleported us here is down again. He has fainted".

The king said, "What great power he has got. Without any incantations, magical words etc. he has brought us here. We need to save this man. He may prove to be very useful". Norton added, "I think we should wait here till this man recovers. He looks to be weak. Let him rest there for a while".

Everyone went different ways. Norton went and peeped down the hole, looking at the chamber from which they had come. Atix went and refreshed himself with the water from the fountain while Jake started picking grapes from the vines. The king went and sat on a bench, staring at the mysterious man. After some time, Atix had brought a pail full of water, Norton some flowers, and Jake some bunches of grapes for the unconscious man. The king kept on sitting on the bench.

Norton kept the flowers beside him and Atix sprinkled water over his face. It seemed to rejuvinate him and he slowly shifted his position. He seemed to be too weak to sit or stand up. The king came forward and helped him get up. He gave him support and lead him to a bench and made him sit down. "Are you fine now?", Jake asked. The man answered, "Yes! Thank you for saving me". Jake replied, "No, we should thank you. You saved our lives from the titans. Here, have some grapes, You would be hungry". Atix added, "And here are some flowers and a pail of water to freshen you up".

The man ate and drank and his strength increased. His head was still covered with the hood. After this, he sighed and slowly lifted up his hood. "Ah! I need fresh air". The hood revealed a bright, radiant face which had many scars on it. The king was staring at him in utter shock. "Altair!", he exclaimed. "Yes, Your Majesty, it is me", Altair, the mysterious man replied. "Hey! Hey! What is going on here? You both know each other?", Norton asked. Atix said, "What is happening around here? Well, but it does seem that you would know each other. 'Atlair' looks like a man of Drein".

The king banged his fists on the bench in anger and got up. "This man cannot be one of us. He shall not travel with us anymore". Altair pleaded, "Please Your Majesty. Let me explain. It was not my fault". "I do not want to hear any explanations. Your case has completely gone through by me personally. Even I could not find any loopholes". "Your Majesty! Please. Give me one chance. I will prove myself. Loopholes were not created on paper. The files completely blame me. Yes, they do, but it is someone else. I have been trapped". Jake interrupted the conversation, "What is happening? What is Altair's crime?". "Altair was banished from Disdain. How dare he show up here again?", the king roared in anger. "Your Majesty, I have still not got my answer. Please, calm down and tell me properly".

"Take that traitor out of my sight". Jake pleaded the king to calm down. Finally he started saying, "He is a traitor. Long ago, he was a very good and trusted friend of mine. But he turned traitor. He is a murderer. In his lust for the throne of Disdain, he killed my queen and also the prince. He would even have killed me. But I came to know of his plans on time and got him arrested". Jake intervened, "Altair claims that it was not his fault. Maybe we should give him one chance. After all, he is our life saviour. If not for him, we all would have been dead people. We owe him quite much". Altair said, "Please Your Majesty. Let me join you. I will even prove my innocence". "How? How can I know that you are not guilty?", the king asked. "This is what I have been trying to tell you. They are not dead. I have seen them alive myself, in flesh and blood. The bodies which you saw and created were not theirs'. The undeads have been manking plans to capture Drein since ages. They were the ones who captured the queen and the prince. They did this because they thought it would weaken you. All this time I have stayed in these Chaos tunnels, battling the ferocious creatures there. I have seen them here once but now they have then tham somewhere else. All the time I was seeking them, striving to prove my innocence".

The king believed him completely, but interrogated, "How do I believe you?". Jake said, "We have to believe him now. We have no other choice". Everyone pleaded the king to let Altair join them. Finally, he agreed and forgave Altair. "Okay, now let's continue our journeys", the king said.

"Wait!", Atix shouted. "First, Altair, tell us the secret of your powers". Altair replied, "There is no secret to that. It all comes with experience. I have mastered the art of using my energy reserve and accomplish superhuman tasks, without any incantations or magical resources". Norton said, "Okay the, we'll take lessons from you". "Affirmative", Altair replied. "Now let's move on. We have to remember that we are on a mission", said Atix. The king added, "And the purpose of our mission is getting clearer. We have to succeed".

The team of five now moved out of the garden, rejuvenated with the strengthened cause of their expedition. They were walking on a naturally made mud path which was surrounded by the woods. The trees were very beautiful, every individual leaf was glossy and dark green in colour. There was not a speck of dust around. There was a magical sheen around the trees. It looked as if a river of sparkles was flowind down the tree from the top to bottom. Many beautiful bushes decorated the ground, accompanied by various ferns. The weather was cool and windy, with a few nimbus clouds suspended in the sky. The sunlight did not reach the ground but the radiance of the trees made the whole forest glow.

"Wah! What a beautiful place", said the king. "Yes, it truly is", said Jake, stopping to look at a nearby flower. Suddenly, a troop of apeons appeared swinging on branches and jumping from one tree to another. Apeons are monkey like creatures with six limbs, four arms and two legs. They had long yellow eyes and a midnight blue coloured sparkling fur coat. It had a ribbon like, long tail. An apeon landed on a branch and started staring at Jake, who exclaimed, "They scare me. Look, that one is staring at me". Altair moved closed to Jake and said, "Don't be scared. Their nature is not aggressive". "Now move on. We have to accomplish our task as soon as possible".

# The Burrow

After walking for some time on the path, everyone spotted a whole army of squirrels rushing in the opposite direction. They looked horrified and frightened. "All these squirrels look so cute running like this", Norton said. Suddenly, a little squirrel bumpled into Altair's leg. It looked up at him, quickly got up and ran away. "Be careful, little one", Altair shouted to it. After walking further, a pack of Enincas, a breed of overgrown black coloured furless dogs with a ferocious face and huge teeth, two of which stuck out of its jaw, came running in the same way as the squirrels. At the same time, a lot of sparrows passed from above the sky. At the sight of the fierce dogs, all the men froze. They remained like that till all the dogs had gone. After that, they eased a little.

"I think there is something fishy around here. All the animals look so frightened!", Atix exclaimed. The king said, "Let's go and investigate. There must be something which is scaring even the huge dogs". After this, they saw many small rabbits, different kinds of birds and other small creatures running. "Look, Wibs", cried out Jake. Huge eagle like birds, brown in colour and with a huge amount of feathers, a big wing span and a less frightening face were flying towards the men with great speed. All of them passed above the men's heads. However, the last one of them landed in front of them. It was at this time that they acknowledged their huge size. The Wibs were almost as big as three fourthe the size of the men. "Run! Danger", it tried to say but all that came out was a screech.

"There is definitely something big out there. I can sense it", Altair said. The king ordered, "Come on, we got to investigate whatever there is". Everyone moved forward in a definity rhythm. Although they were bound to get frightened, the magical woods seemed to rejuvenate them at every second and they felt fresher and fresher. They had taken just a few steps when they spotted huge flying objects in the sky. They were flying very high and would be almost double the size of a fully grown man. "My god, Kreigens. These are the dark green ones. Look, they have light green slits over their body. Though a weaker breed, it scares me that even these huge creatures are running away", Norton said. Jake replied, "Maybe there are titans out there. The ones which we confronted were so huge". "Yes, and there were dwarves", Atix added. Altair said, "No, no. It can't be a titan. I can sense the auro of something huge, something very frightening, something really evil". "Of course, it would be, if even the Kreigens have been scared. Come on team, move forward. We have to check out what there is", the king gave the orders.

Everyone now moved in new spirits, curious to know what lied in front of them. After a short trek, the forest path widened into a circle which then narrowed again and the path continued. Warm sunlight filled the clearing, and in the middle lied a great hole, with a radius of almost four metres. Atix went up to the hole and peeped down. Light filled the hole to a distance, but after that it was completely dark. "Don't tell me that the Chaos tunnels have started again. I am sick of them". Altair replied, "Do not worry. This, I suppose, is the abode of the creature, which we are looking for. I can sense a very strong energy just beneath us".

Norton took a stone and hurled it down the hole. Nothing happened for a while and everything was very still. Suddenly, the earth started shaking. Everyone moved away from the hole. "Is it an earthquake?", Jake shouted. No one replied. Everyone was frozen on to their spot. The earth started shaking more vigorously and finally, a huge, worm like creature came out of the hole. Only a part of it was visible above the ground, the rest was in the hole. A second later, it shot up and completely came out of the hole. The creature was worm like, almost double the height of the titans in length, and a little smaller than the hole in width. It was fully covered in a hard shell, with sharp spikes at its back. However, the shell did not cover the eyes, mouth and antennae. It was fully coloured dark grey.

Atix said, "We surely are going to have a hard time". Jake pulled out his sword and charged towards the creature. As Jake came near, the creature twisted its tail and struck Jake with it. He was sent off flying in the air. He fell against a nearby tree. "Oww! It feels like all my bones are broken", Jake groaned. Norton suggested, "I think we will have to distract it. Atix, I will charge from the front, you go from behind. The others can attack from the sides". The king added, "Good idea, but first we will have to break its shell. Now, charge!".

Swords drawn out, everyone charged from different sides at the creature. It got confused, started spinning, but seeing that the men weren't stopping, it stood straight, its eyes tightly closed. Everyone struck its shell at the same time. Recovering from the recoil of the might blow, the men saw that the creature was recovering from the blows, after which it stood unaffected. The creature got wild and started ambushing the men in a strange manner, jumping around here and there. "It's gone crazy. Everyone defent yourself", cried the kng. Altair thought, "We can never battle the creature like this. Its shell is refusing to break. I will have to think of something".

He went and hid behind a far off tree. His eyes started glowing blue. He was levitating above the ground. He created an energy ball, black in colour, with yellow sparks flowing around it. He fired it at the creature when it had become huge. The ball travelled with great speed and hit the creature. It seemed that it had absorbed the ball. However, the area where it had struck became dark. CRACK! Suddenly a loud voice came and a part of the creature's shell fell down, exposing its slimy, pale yellowish skin. Its segments clearly came into view. The creature screeched, groaned in pain, and dived back into its burrow. Altair, on the other side, fell to the ground, weakened.

He helped himself and sat down, taking support from the nearby tree. "Altair, great shot", Jake cried. The king said, "You shouldn't have done it though. Look what you have done to youself. You look so weak". Altair replied, "Do not worry about me, it was necessary. I will rest here, you all go after it". The king said, "As you say. Let's follow it now. Into the burrow". Everyone nodded. "But I'm afraid", Atix started saying, "We do not know how deep the hole goes. If it is very deep, we would break our bones". "Do not worry. The creature, I can sense, has not gone very deep, which means that the hole is quite shallow. You'll survive", Altair told Atix. "By your last words, you scare me even more". "No time for petty talk. We have a mission to accomplish. Maybe the creature is healing itself inside. Quick everyone, hurry".

Everyone stood near the circumference of the burrow. Jake was the first to jump, followed by the king, Atix, who was pushed by Norton who came after him. The tunnel underneath the burrow bent, providing a rough slide, which opened up into a big room like structure. The creature was lying inside, its segments arranged compactly and inverted, as if it was trying to hide its exposed skin. "Oww, my skin is totally bruised", Norton complained. The creature moved, and quickly turned towards the men. It was still hiding its exposed skin.

"We have an advantage here. If it keeps standing like this, it won't be able to attack, and if it exposes its skin, we will easily kill it", Atix said. The king replied, "That is true, but in this form, we can't attack it. We have to strike at the exposed part of its skin". Jake suggested, "Even though our attacks do not affect it, they do have some impact. They knock it off a little. I think we should just keep striking". Everyone went near the creature with no fear. They started attacking it with all their might. There was not much fear of their weapons breaking as the shell was basically made or calcium carbonate, against which their swords were resistant.

The men kept on attacking it, but in its attempt to protect its exposed skin, it was curbed to retaliate. After receiving a few heavy blows, the creature, in massive ire, spun around rapidly. It started coiling its body and finally stood like a wheel. With its great portentous form, it seemed that it was ready to crush anything which came in its way. "Now, what is that?", Norton said slowly. The creature started rolling around in the spherical burrow, just like a wheel in full accelerating, without dropping to the ground. It posed a great threat to the men in the burrow. Everyone was frantically trying to dodge it and trying to save themselves.

"We have pushed ourselves into a very difficult situation. It is now the question of life and death", the king shouted. Norton, being plucky, tried to follow the movement of the creature. When he had analysed it and gathered some idea, he posed in a way ready to strike. As soon as the creature passed from in front of it, he jumped and dabbled his sword into the creature. The sword went inside the grooves of the creature's coil and got stuck there. The sword moved rapidly with the circular motion of the creature, taking Norton with itself, whose grip loosened and he was flung across the burrow onto a wall. He became injured seriously.

On the other hand, the creature, it its coil form, fell down flat to the ground. Atix ran and came onto the creature. He struck his sword right into the center most part of the coil. The sword went inside and impaled the exposed skin of the creature with great force. Blood rushed out of the grooves of the coil, milky white in colour. "Eww! Looks gross!", Atix exclaimed. Suddenly, the creature released its coil form, throwing off Atix. It jerked up and then fell down to the ground, dead, blood still oozing of of its wound.

# Reunion

"At last, it is dead", Jake said. The king replied, "Phew! Oh boy! I am tired. Same with you people also, huh?". "Yeah, same here, but I am injured a little too", said Atix in a querulous tone. Jake replied, "Yeah! That is what happens when you show too much of bravery-". The king, in a serious tone, interrupted, "Cut out you jokes. Look at Norton, he is in such a serious condition. We got to help him". "Yes, and figure out a way to get out of this burrow", Atix added. The king ordered, "Jake, you go and find a way to get out of here. Atix, you and I shall tend to Norton". "Yes, Your Majesty", Atix and Jake replied in chorus.

Jake went on to the tunnel from where they had come. At first, it was easy to climb on, but when the tunnel became vertical, climbing up became very difficult. However, Jake managed with the help of the many grooves in the walls of the burrow. Finally, he was at the top, Altair eagerly looking at him. "Where are the others?", Altair asked in a mysterious deep tone and a smirk on his face. Jake replied, "I was just finding a way to come up. The creature is dead. Norton is injured so His Majesty and Atix are tending to him. I think we will need your help to heal Norton up".

The smirk on Altair's face wore off as soon as Jake told him that the creature was dead and the others were safe. "Oh! Well, nice", Altair sighed. Jake said, "You sound different", and disappeared below the edge of the burrow, descending it and taking the slide down. After much efforts everyone came up and managed to bring Norton above.

On the other side, in the city of Drien, Senister had opened up a warp, through which the team in Drein were viewing the hardships faced by the others who were in the enchanted forest. Senister had done this because there was nothing much happening in Drein and everyone wanted to see where the king and the others were. Robina, moving towards the warp and looking at it keenly said, "I see them in grave danger". Lavista, nodding her head, said, "They definitely need us". "Okay then, if so is your wish", Senister replied, and moved in front of the warp. He murmured some spell under his breath, making the warp grow bigger. "Enter", he said, going through it. Lavista and Robina could see Senister standing with the others in the woods, and talking to them. They also entered it then.

The walls of the castle disappeared behind them and the view of the woods which they saw in the warp appeared. The evening sun was setting down and the weather was cool. "Hello everyone", they said. There was a lot of greeting and laughing as they stood near the burrow. Lavista then said, "I think I should heal Norton now, and everyone else too". After the healing ceremoney, everyone was rejuvenated and walking away from the burron on the path ahead of it. The sun had set down and dark clouds had covered the dark blue curtain above them.

"Looks like there is going to be a downpour", Altair said. The king, looking at the sky, replied, "We will need to find shelter. Move quickly, and look out for some trees or structures which can provide a roof over our heads". The night was becoming darker, the weather getting chilly. Robina had taken a dislike to Altair as she had noticed that he was talking rudely to everyone. The king whispered to Norton, "Doesn't Altair seem different?". Norton replied, "Yes, he does seem different. Suddenly".

Everyone's fears came out true, and it started raining cats and dogs. "Oh no! I do not want to get wet", Robina groaned. Everyone started running. "Hmm! What a sudden surge of energy in Altair", Jake murmured, seeing Altair running at light speed. Senister's expression widened and he became excited. "Look! An oversized mushroom. This should give us a very nice shelter". Everyone dashed towards the mushroom, trying to save themselves from the rain. Everyone was easily accommodated under the giant structure. A thunderstorm began. However, everyone was feeling cosy.

Robina asked the king, "This Altair is a creepy person. So rude to everyone. Why are we taking him with us?". The king whispered and replied, "Yes, but he is not like this. I have noticed a change in his attitude just recently". "Oh! I was thinking why would you keep such a rude person with you. This is really very strange".

The thunderstorm was getting closer. Lightning was striking everywhere around. A squall started. Lavista, crouching a little, said, "I am feeling scared". Atix replied, "Do not worry. We are safe under this mushroom". Suddenly, a bolt of lightning struck directly in front of them, lighting up the whole area. Looking at Altair, everyone froze.

For a split second, instead of Altair's body, a skeletal structure could be seen. "Wha... Why are you people staring at me?", said Altair, stammering. He had committed a mistake. He should not have stood so close to a sudden flash of light. The thunderstorm was also a great disadvantage to him. "Ah! No, uh... nothing", the king too stammered, suspecting Altair. Altair walked to the other side of the stem of the mushroom. This eased the others a little.

The king moved closed to Norton and quietly whispered in his ears, "Don't you think there is something wrong with Altair? He is behaving so strangely. We have to find out everything. Even if we have to turn against him". Norton replied in a serious tone, "Yes, Your Majesty. I have been noticing the same. There has been a sudden change in his attitude, his energy levels".

The intensity of the rain had decreased to a drizzle. However, the thunderstorm was still hovering above. "The storm seems to have settle down. I think we should move on", Senister said. The king, reflecting his words, ordered, "We shall move on. No storm can stop us", and started. Everyone followed him in a straight line. However, Altair refrained. He said, "Wait, let the storm settle down completely. It would be unwise to go out now. The storm could break out again". The king replied, "But the storm could even last for a day or two. We can't wait till then". Altair raised his deep, weird voice and tried to persuade the king, "Please! We have to wait", he looked desperate. The king contradicted, "Why'd you want to?". "I- I- please!". "Why this unnecessary delay?".

"You're not like Altair", said Jake, pushing Altair, making him fall to the ground. Altair got up, disted himself and shouted, "You step aside. I am not talking to you". "Shut up", saying this, Jake kicked Altair. Altair punched Jake on his face, making him go black and blue. "Stop it you both", Lavista screamed. Everybody else tried to stop their fight, but failed. Jake and Altair broke out into a full fledged fight. After a very long fight, Altair was in Jake's grip, lying on the ground, under his shoe. Jake took out his sword and raised it.

"Stop it!", Robina shouted. However, it was too late. Jake had already pushed his sword down with full force. As soon as the sword was about to touch Altair, he vanished and only a skeleton was left it his place. The sword passed between its robs, tearing the blue robes worn by it. Everyone was shocked seeing this strange development. Atix said, "Altair, you didn't tell us you were a skeleton". Jake was very serious, "You scoundrel. You can't be Altair!". The skeleton replied, "Please! Please! I- I- I'll tell you. I'll tell you everything", he was panting. "First please, let me out of this difficult situation. I am stuck here because of your sword". Jake was furious. However, the thoughts of Altair and where he would be flashed through his mind. After standing there for a few moments he took out his sword from the ground and covered it in its sheath.

The skeleton got up and the next moment Jake had grabbed its collar bone. "Where is Altair?", Jake asked, a frightening flair in his voice. "I'll tell you, I'll tell you", the skeleton was shrugging with fright. "I am a shapeshifter sent from the undead divisions. Your friend Altair was causing a lot of trouble in the Chaos tunnels, so we had to kidnap him. I was sent to take his place. The others probably would be taking him away now".

# Diminishing Lands

In the dark land of Lich-a-mons, Altair was being carried by a few undead zombies in a very compact cage. The erratic walking style of the zombies made it very uncomfortable for Altair. Every time the undead took a step, Altair felt a jerk. He was being carried on a very dark path, yet everything was visible, though dull and blurred. It was a deal place. There was no grass, no bushes, no plants. No creature in vision. It was just black, barren land, with only dead trees all over.

"Let me out of here", Altair shouted, shaking vigorously, irritated by the intolerable head and peculiar, life sucking stench. The movement made one of the undead fall down. It got up, caught Altair's neck and said in a deep, dead voice, "Shut up. Let us do our duty". It kept its open palm on Altair's chest and absorbed some tendrils out of Altair, who fell unconscious. A lot of time had passed when Altair regained consciousness. He looked outside his cage. Ahead of him lied a might river flowing with red hot lava. The heat inside the cage increased tremendously. Facing the river stood a huge castle like structure. Altair tried to figure out what it was, but the intense heat made his head ache.

"Oh! God. This is even worse than a migraine.". The undeads were murmuring, "Ah! At last, the prison has arrived. End of it now". Altair again shook vigorously, and once again was made unconscious by an undead. He was in a dreamy state. He dreamt of the king, the captured queen and prince. He dreamt of Jake and the others. He dreamt of coming back to Drein and living there happily. Suddenly, everything vanished. He was covered completely by darkness. He felt his life source departing. He felt nothing then, everything was empty.

Slowly, his eyes opened. He regained consciousness. "Oh! What a dream. Frightening", he though. "Oh! At last. He is awakening. Are you find?", said a soft, girly voice. Altair looked up and saw a youn lady, full clad in plain light blue robes, standing in front of him. He then  looked where he was. He was in a prison cell, with four others, excluding the girl. It was surrounded by three walls, and one side was covered with bars. He frantically stood up, and looked out of the bars. All he could see was a long, dark corridor lined with torches on the front wall, which had a very mild flame.

"Gosh! Where am I?", Altair interrogated, however not addressing anyone. He was grabbing the cell bars tightly. "We are in the prison of the Moss fortress", said a man who had a very fair complexion and was wearing green, archer robes. His ears were long and pointed. He was an elf! "Yes, this is the undead prison. Anyone who goes against the undead ends up here", these words were said by a dwarf, who is needless to say, a very short man. A goblin, which is a green, ugly creature, added, "This cell is for creatures foreign to the undead". Another creature, a small sized troll was sitting in one corner. "Ah! You are welcome here", he said with a sigh.

Altair dropped to his knees, "Haven't you all ever tried to break out from here?". The girl said, "Of course we have tried, many times. But we have always failed". There was a sense of dissatisfaction in her tone. Suddenly, everyone became quiet. A guard passed from in front of them, through the corridor. It wasn't an undead. It was a human, probably under the control of the undead.

Altair, leaning over to look at the guard, said, "Bad luck for that human. Anyways, what all have you tried to escape from here? Tell me everything". "We have tried many things", the elf started telling, "This whole cell is fool proof. We cannot escape from here. But-", the elf stopped as the guard passed by again. When the guard was quite far away, he resumed, "But, they give us time, about three hours, when they take us out to work. And also while getting the meals. I will give you the rest of the information outside. There are just a few minutes left for the working time".

The next few minutes were spent in silence. The guard passed from the corridor a number of times. DHUM - cam a loud sound. The guard came running to their cell and opened up the lock. Altair was closely observing everything. "Come on, quick. You have to assemble near the mining area". Everyone came out. The guard then moved over to other cells. Everyone headed to the mining area. Altair was observing the building structure and design very keenly. After a few twists and turns, they were out of the man building of the castle. Many pits were dug up there.

"Oh! To work now", the troll gloomily said. Everyone grabbed their pickaxes and got to work on the same pit. The place was covered with undead. However, they all looked thoroughly civilised and friendly. The place was also full of pits. Behind them was the main castle building. Ahead lied a great wall, so massive that nothing was visible after it. The whole place was uncomfortable dark and gloomy. The dwarf said, "Now, let me tell you what all we tried to escape from here. Everday we are taken here to work. We have tried to go to the other side of the castle and climb the main gate from there. That task seems to be impossible. A number of times we were caught by the guards. Only one time we succeeded, but climbing that wall is very difficult. We cannot accomplish that". Altair nodded.

The dwarf resumed, "As for this wall, it is easy to reach till there but then it would be very difficult to climb it. Though we haven't climbed it, this wall looks tricky. The main danger here is that it is an open area. We will be very easily spotted if we try to scale this wall". Altair was listening very carefully, and at the same time, observing the surroundings.

They all worked very hard for they day, mining a turquoise coloured glowing substance. It looked very bright in the dark surroundings. Everyone now was back in the cell, panting and sweating. Everyone in the cell lied down to rest while Altair sat down in the iddle of the cell, cross legged, thinking. The whole cell was in silence. It looked like night time. However, in this land, there was no distinction between day and night. It was always night time here.

"I have an idea", Altair said, breaking the silence. After a few hours, when even Altair was asleep, a loud sound came. DHUM! Everyone woke up with a start. "What? Work time again?", Altair sleepily asked. The goblin replied in the same tone, "No, it is meal time. I hate this part the most. First they make us work so hard and then disturb our sleep". The guard came again and opened up the cell, "Go for your meals, fast", he yelled, and then headed on. This time, they were taken to a great hall, full of undead. There weren't any chairs or tables there. Everyone was sitting on the floor.

Altair wasn't thinking about what kind of food he would get. He was busy observing the building and making plans to escape. A set of human guards were serving stale bread and some salad. Everyone ate hurriedly and then were locked up again in their cell. "I'll go hungry from next time but won't eat that rotten food", Altair said with distain. The girl said, "Do not worry about that. When you will start starving, you'll eat all that readily". Altair replied, "That condition won't come. We will escape from here before that".

He told everyone of his plans. Finally, when they were in the mining area again, it was time to execute them. Everyone was toiling hard, mining the blue substance. The girl came closer to Altair and whispered in his ears, "Plan in action". Altair showed a thumbs up to the rest of the team. Everyone except the girl and Altair went near the wall and started digging a fresh pit. "Hey! You all. Do not dig there. Mine from the existing pits", a guard barked out at them. The cheeky elf replied, "O, kind sir. The reserves of the existing pits have depleted. We thought we would dig here to provide a better output". "Oh! Very well. Continue", the guard agreed. "Wow! That was good. I'll work my best today. I'll do anything to get out of here", the goblin blurted. "Get to work now. And do not bring the words of escaping from here on your mouth. We have to be careful of eavesdropping".

On the other side, the girl and Altair joined a few undead people who were mining in a nearby pit. "Try to start a conversation. Maybe we will be able to know what this substance is", Altair whispered to the girl. For a few moments, they just mined without talking. Slowly they started conversing. By the time they all had returned to the cell, they had gathered quite some knowledge. Altair shared the information with everyone, "I came to know that the blue substance we mine is the energy source of a demon, who is a key weapon of the undead. The more it gets this substance, the more powerful it becomes. Day by day it is gaining strength. From now on, mine the least of that blue substance. We will also have to spread this advice to the other undead people mining. What about the pit?". The dwarf replied, "We have had good progress. It'll be ready in about three days. I don't think the wall will go too deep".

They next day, again, they continued to dig. The dwarf jumped into the pit to dig further and investigate the progress. At that very moment, a guard came up to them and asked, "Where is that little guy who was working with you?". Everyone became tense. However, the troll handled the situation by replying, "Oh! He was feeling thirsty so he has just gone to get some water". The guard seemed to be satisfied and went his way. After some time, the dwarf came out of the pit with glee. He announced, "Good news, guys. This wall does not go very deep. Just a little way to go. We will surely make it by tomorrow".

A very long time had passed when finally it was time. It was time to escape. The goblin came up to Altair who was conversing with some undead people and whispered, "The tunnel is ready. It's time". Everyone was now assembled near the finished tunnel entrance. "Ah! I am feeling so happy. At last", saying this, Altair jumped into the tunnel. He was followed by the others, and at last the troll. The circumference of the tunnel was a little small for the troll's fat tummy. He got stuck in it. To go down, he started struggling. A guard heard the noise he was making but luckily the troll managed to slide down before the guard reached.

On the other side of the wall, everyone came out one by one. On this side, the troll managed easily. "Oh! Oh! Tough luck for us", the goblin mumbled. This he said because they were now standing at a place with a wall behind them, under which they had come from, and another wall in front of them, which was made of shabbily arranged big blocks of stone. Altair said with determination, "The undead have left no flaws in security. But we have to time to waste. We have to scale this wall as soon as we can".

As soon as they all had reached the stone wall in front of them, the prison guards started appearing from the hole which they had come from. "Go! Go! Go!", shouted Altair. They all started climbing the wall. "Fast, come on everyone. The guards are fast behind us", Altair warned. Suddenly, an arrow came flying from the guards and struck the goblin in its leg. "Aah!", he lout out a shriek. It lost grip, slipped from the wall and fell down on the ground below. Everyone stopped to look down below. A number of shrieking voices of the goblin came from beneath then. Then finally when a sword had pierced through his body and he lay down dead, voices of the guards rejoicing could be heard.

The elf shouted, "Nooooooo!". Altair said, "We have no time now. We cannot save him. The best we can do in this situation here is flee as soon as possible". In no time, they were on the other side of the wall. This side was very hot. There was a path in front with lava flowing on either side. The land was black. Huge watch towers stood beside the path on both sides, six in number. The descend was easier and faster than the ascend. On the other side, the guards had started climbing the wall.

When Altair and the others were down from the other side of the wall, the girl said, "Look at those watch towers. According to my analysis of the position of the windows and all, I believe we aren't visible form here. However, if we go about a dozen yards from here, we'll be right in vision". Altair called everyone closer to him and started explaining, "Now, the plan is, I will try and sneak up to the towers and try to slay the people stationed there. Till that time, you people try to keep the guards off the wall". The troll banged his fist on his chest, "I'll keep them away". Saying this, he started banging the wall with his soulders. The guards who were climbing on the other side of the wall started falling down due to the great impact of the vibrations caused.

The girl asked Altair, "Won't you be noticed? There are so many watch towers here". He replied, with a smirk on his face, "I know what to do". Saying this, he started running forward on the path. After ascending six to seven yards, he jumped down from the path into the pool of lava. "Nooooo, Altair!", the girl shouted with fear. "I'm fine here", came Altair's voice, who was hanging from the path. His feet were hanging just a foot above the lave. In this position, he moved forward to the first watch tower. He somehow managed to cling to the path the whole way. Altair saw some slits in the wall sof the watch tower, which he used to climb up to the wall. He was climbing from the side which was facing the lava. One slip and he was dead.

However, the advantage of climbing from this side was that he was not visible to the other watch tower. Also, he wasn't visible from the watch tower he was climbng. Finally, when he reached the top, he saw a window like rectangular piece cut out. He jumped inside from it and stealthily hid behind the ghouls stationed there. He streteched out his hands hand pointed his palms towards both the ghouls. Nothing happened.

"What happened to my powers? This is strange. What to do now? Ah!", Altair took out the two keris kept in his belt and slashed the necks of the two ghouls from behind. The next moment, dead bodies of the ghouls lay down on the ground, red coloured mist emanating form them. "Typically undead".

The guards from the other watch towers noticed the red mist. All the ghouls flew to the window from where they had seen the red mist. Everyone was blinded by the mist, but Altair, regaining the ability to sense aura, came to know of the location of the ghouls. "Oh-boy!", Altair killed all the ghouls with both his keris in quick succession. Now, the red mist from that watch tower became so intense that it escaped from its window, staining the sky above.

The others who were still near the wall noticed the red mist. "I guess Altair has killed everyone at the watchtower", said the girl. "I too guess so", said the dwarf, coming closer to the girl. The troll gave one last blow to the wall and said, "Then what are we waiting for? Let's move on".

Everyone started moving on the path boldly. Altair took the front ladder of the watchtower to come down and joined the others. The elf babbled, "These undead people have a very weak security system". By now, the prison guards had crossed the wall. Altair sensed something behind him. "The guards are coming", he said coldly and paused for a while, "Run". Everyone's feel started running wild almost automatically. The lava on the sides of the path was swishing and splashing, the guards following close behind. The path narrowed so much that everyone had to cross it tip-toe, with the added danger of falling into the lava. After some time, the path widened again. The troll broke the narrow path with his fists, leaving the guards on the side of the prison.

# Blood Vein

They continued their journey henceforth. On the other side, the king and the others had already entered Lich-a-muns. The skeletal shapeshifter was still with them. He was guiding the way to the castle of the undead king. He was tightly siezed by Norton so that he could not escape. After being threatened for quite some time by Jake, the shapeshifter had lied to them that Altair was in the king's castle. "Ah! What a plan I have made. I'll take them to the king's castle. There they will easily be overpowered by us. They all will be killed", the shapeshifter was thinking.

They could see only black, barren land in every direction. After walking for a mile or two, they could see three medium sized structures which were made of coal like rocks. They could see light coming out of the window like cut outs in the structures. Everyone stopped. The king moved closer to the skeletal shapeshifter and inquired, "What's that, mister skeleton?". The skeletal shapeshifter replied, "These are the Sendrade-3 barracks". "What is Sendrade". "Hmm! Argh, those are called sectors in your community". "Are they dangerous?". "I don't know". Atix came close and grabbed one of his rib and said, "Tell us". The skeletal shapeshifter cried, "Yes, they are". "That's better".

They all moved towards the barracks. As soon as they came closer, a few sets of armour sprang out. The pieces were not joined, with a few spaces between all the parts. The spaces were see through, which proved that they were empty. "O my God. They are empty!", Senister exclaimed. Jake said, "I think they are enchanted. Just boxes of tin. This fight is going to be very difficult". 

All the armour sets drew out their swords and posed ready to fight. Everyone broke out on them. However, Senister remained at the back doing something. Every time the armour sets fell, they reassembled themselves and stood right back, as if they had never fallen. Lavista was having a hard time healing so many people all alone. This continued for a very long time. "Fall apart everyone", Senister shouted. Everyone was startled. They looked at Senister. He locked his hands and then took them apart with a jer, as if he was throwing something. A white coloured transluscent wave travelled forward and hit each one of the armour sets. They all dropped to the ground.

"Wow! That was good. What did you do?", Robina asked. Senister replied, "Well, all I did was remove the enchantment from the armour sets. You all did a great job keeping them away until the incantation was ready though". During this conversation, the shapeshifter tried to sneak away. Luckily, Robina spotted him before he was out of sight and shot an arrow towards him. He first had thought that he would get everyone else killed, but seeing the chance, he realized that it would be best to escape. The arrow travelled quickly to the skeleton and went through his ribs, making him fall. It then glued to the ground so as to trap him.

"Wah! Using my technique, huh?", Jake said. "Well, sure", Robina replied. Everyone quickly ran up to the shapeshifter. "Well tried, you bag of bones", Norton said. The king removed the arrow and grabbed his neck. "Uh! Sorry... Pl- Please. Le- Leave me. I will take you to the castle I- I promise". He was forgiven and was again guiding the way to the castle.

Gradually, it was becoming darker and darker, though the surroundings were still visible. The amount of dead trees had increased. Moment by moment, the density of the trees increased so much that it looked like a woods. Everyone was now standing in a clearing with trees all around them.

"This place creeps me", said Atix, holding tightly onto the hilt of his sword. "Hey! Look. What's over there", said Lavista pointing towards a far away tree. They all could see some shadowy figures moving about at a distance among the trees. "Be prepared", whispered the king, taking out his sword. Atix and Jake did the same. Suddenly Norton sneezed which made everyone shiver. "Are you trying to give me a heart attack?", whispered Jake, frowning at Norton. "Sorry, but I didn't do it on purpose", replied Norton. They all noticed that the shadowy figures were moving towards them. "Oww! Slowly they are becoming bigger", said Norton, staring at the figures. "Brainless chap", thought Jake, and said, "They are not becoming big, they are coming closer".

Gruadually, the shadowy figures started becoming visible clearly. Seeing the figures, everyone put back their swords. "They are our horses", shouted Jake in joy. There were five horses moving towards them. "We had left them before near the entrances of the Chaos tunnels. Finally we have found them", said Norton. "Well I think they have found us", said the king. "Oh! Yes.. erm.. You are right.".

On seeing Jake and the others, the horses broke out into a full gallop. Jake was feeling very happy, seeing the love of the horses. However, as they came closer, he noticed black slit-like marks all over them. Their appearance had become shabby and their eyes looked ghostly. Their hair had become a little transluscent. "Take out your swords, everyone. You'll need them". Everyone was surprised hearing Jake's words, though they agreed. It was just a little while after which their queries were answered. The horses did not slow down in front of them, as everyone had expected. They kept on galloping and then attacked. However, they only targeted Norton, Jake, the king and Atix. Jake was being ambushed by two of them.

"They are undead", Norton yelled. "Yes, that is why I asked you to take out your swords", Jake replied. "Yes, but then we will need the Etho elixir to make them vulnerable to our attacks". "Yes, I know. We do not want to kill them. These swords are just to ward them off. If they get too imposing, then we will have to use the elixir". Lavista said, "This is strange. They aren't attacking half of us". Jake replied, "I got it. These horses are attacking only those who left them. I left two of them, so two are attacking me. This is our fight. We have to tame them".

The horses were getting mad. In between, they stopped fighting, but then started again, as if overwhelmed by an external force. Jake's plan was working. The swords were defending the men, without damaging the horses. Jake was in double trouble. The two horses surrounded Jake from the opposite sides. They started charging towards him. It was too late now. If Jake had used the elixir, he would have an option to kill the horses and save himself. But now, he could do nothing. His sword would be useless. The horses would ram into him and end his life. However, Jake used his grey matter. He dropped his sword to the ground and crouched. Then, as soon as the horses were very near to him, he jumped with all his might. He could only reach onto the neck of one horse. However, taking support from it, he hauled himself upwards and swung himself onto its neck. He held his ears. The horse became wild, jumping and kicking, but Jake lovingly held it and soothed it. Finally, the horse was clamed. The slits disappeared, its eyes became normal. The horse was tamed, living again.

The same changes occurred with the other horse which was attacking Jake. The others, on seeing what Jake had done, did the same, though with greater ease. Finally, all the horses were living and tamed. "Wow, finally. This whole fight was so frightening", Robina said. "I'm feeling so happy, seeing these horses once again!", Norton exclaimed. "Now, you skeleton, come here. Show us the way to Altair", Jake said. The shapeshifter replied, "Yes, yes. I'll take you to Blood Vein. Oh yes, by the way, Blood Vein is the name of the castle". Everyone rode doubles except for a few and made their way to Blood Vein.

Meanwhile, Altair and the others had sneaked up to the main entrance of the Moss fortress. The main gate opened. A huge troll appeared from behind the wall, pulling a cart loaded with the shiny turquoise coloured substance. "Here it comes. Come on, get into it", Altair whispered to the others. Everyone jumped into the cart. They got completely covered by the blue substance and so their vision was completely blocked. The blue substance felt hard on them. It was slimy, like it was covered with some kind of oil, and was cold to touch.

The cart was moving steadily. Everyone was receiving rhythmic bumps. Every few minutes, the surrounings became very hot. "Maybe we are surrounded by lava now", the elf thought. It was a very uncomfortable position in which everyone travelled. After some time, the cart stopped. Suddenly, everyone felt being dragged outside. They topped over and quite a few rocks fell over them. They could hear the creaking of the wheels of the cart fading away. Finally when there was no sound to be heard, everyone tried to get up.

"Ah! The rocks are too heavy. We cannot get out of here", the troll irritably said. Altair replied, "Do not worry, you can leave that to me". Saying this, he blew up the whole pile of the blue substance with his supernatural powers.

On the other side, the king and the others were riding on their horses, trying to reach Blood Vein as soon as possible. Jake was riding with the shapeshifter to ensure that he did not escape. He was holding a bottle of Etho elixir in one of his hand. However, even if the skeleton would have to ride alone, he could not go anywhere as the horses were very loyal.

Suddenly, Lavista noticed a very thin stream of blood flowing on the ground. She made everyone aware of it, and then they all started looking for its cause. The stream was hardly noticeable, just two to three centimetres wide. During this time, the shapeshifter had tried to jump away from the horse, but had failed because Jake had held him tightly. After going further, they could now see two streams wide apart from each other. One was that which they had been following, the other was similar. The only difference was that something green in colour was flowing in it. Going even further, a grey coloured stream came into view. Maybe there would have been a black one too, but it would never have been visible due to the black colour of the ground.

Suddenly, a swarm of bats flew past them. It was followed by another, and then another. The size of the bats was increasing progressively. They sky had a red glow around it, covered with a black haze. The bats did not come for a while. After some time, huge bat like fugures, but a little different, could be seen in the sky. "Trouble's soming our way, I suppose", Norton said. The horses and the bat like figures, both were moving with immense speed. In no time, the creatures were hovering over the horses. "Intimidating", the king said. They were gargoyles. One fo the gargoyle came closer to Jake, but he shook it off by swinging his arm. "Shoo! Go away you devils". The gargoyles made screechy noises, showing their yellow, pointed teeth.

In fright, Robina shot an arrow towards the gargoyle which had tried to attack Jake. It travelled quickly, puncturing the wing of the gargoyle. It dropped to the ground near Jake. It was trampled over by his horse. Seeing this, the other gargoyles started screeching louder, while the gargoyle on the ground fell down, dead.

The gargoyles organised themselves into a circle high above the ground. "What are they doing now? Looks scary, as if warning us about great trouble", Atix said. The gargoyles then started coming down one by one. However, it seemed that they followed proper war rules. The gargoyles attacked only each of the horses, the others remained high up in the air. A wild battle followed. Everyone fought while riding on their horses. The shapeshifter was having a lot of trouble trying to balance himself on the horse and also dodge the vicious gargoyles. As soon as one gargoyle had been killed, another one came in its place.

Wings were being slashed off, dead bodies were being trampled over. The horses were also receiving heavy blows. The gargoyle which was attacking Lavista's and Robina's horse gave a heavy blow on to the backside of the horse, inflinting a surge of fear in him. The horse started running around wildly. The gargoyle followed close behind. The gargoyle, on becoming irritated, started flying faster. It went under the horse and then, picking him up, started flying high. The horse was left baffled. It started moving its legs, but did not move as he was supported by his belly.

"We have to do something or we will fall down from here", Lavista shouted. Robina said, "We can take some advantage of the situation". She started shooting the gargoyles which were up in the air. When all of them had dropped, she said, "Lavista, kill this gargoyle". "No, but we'll fall". "Just do it". Lavista took out her dagger and impaled it into the gargoyle. It started falling towards the ground. "Now, what should we do, huh?", Lavista asked in anger. "Just wait and watch", Robina replied.

While falling, the gargoyle left the horse. The horse was now in free fall. "Concentrate all your healing powers onto the legs of the horse, come on fast", Robina shouted. As soon as the horse was going to touch the ground, Robina kicked hard. The horse instantly started running wildly. Everyone felt a heavy jerk, but Lavista's healing powers did not let the horse's legs from getting injury. "That was scary", Lavista said.

Finally, all the gargoyles had been killed. Robina had contributed a lot in killing the gargoyles who were all stationed high above in the air in the circle formation. Everyone was very frightened after experiencing the thrill of the fight. Their hearts were beating loudly. "It was damn scary", Norton said. Everyone exchanged their feelings and experiences. Later, they mounter their horses and continued their journey towards Blood Vein.

The streams of the different strange liquids were still flowing, getting even more emphasised. "Aah! It seems all of my bones have broken", the shapeshifter said, holding his left arm bones. Jake taunted, "Well, I see them alright". After a long pause, Jake questioned, "What are the little colourful streams that are flowing here on the ground, huh?". The shapeshifter explained, "Oh! Don't ask, you will become sick. Ah... Okay, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. These... These streams are b... blood, yes, blood. They are of people who have been slaughtered in Blood Vein. These streams flow from the very top of the castle to all sides of it. They flow until they disappear into the soil. Oh! Yes, the castle has an unlimited supply of the blood. These are just a little part of that. Y- You won't even imagine what br- brutal things are d- done with the rest. You even find pools of b- blood inside t- the castle". In this speech, the shapeshifter was trying to scare Jake a little, however, Jake didn't mind the least.

After riding for a while, everyone could see a dappled patch of land with a sign board dug into it. It had a castle shaped insignia made on it, with five skulls made below it. The shapeshifter murmured, "Alas, just five skulls to Blood Vein". "What is five skulls?", the king inquired. "Oh! The are just measuring units". "So how much would it be?". "Well, it would take us about fifteen minutes to reach the castle, and that too if we move with a speed faster than now". After riding for a short while, a roof like structure came into view. Slowly, the view widened and the castle started appearing from below the land. At its main entrance, there were numerous undead guards walking to and fro.

"I think we should get down from the horses now. We can fetch them when we get back", Jake affirmed. Everyone agreed. "How will we get past these guards?", asked Norton, holding his head. "We have got a key to it", Atix replied, directioning his eyes towards the shapeshifter. The shapeshifter easily understood what Atix meant and said, "Oh! Well. I'll get you through. Follow me".

Suddenly, skin started appearing on the shapeshifter. He transformed into a human-like form, but with red coloured skin, which had two horns projecting out of his head. "Ah! This is nice. Now I am the head security guard of this castle. So let's go", he said. Everyone followed the shapeshifter towards the castle. The guards stood aside in attention and let everyone pass. "Wow. That was good, but don't think you could fool us, or you would be in great trouble", Senister warned. Everyone was now in a black coloured tunnel like corridor. The ceiling was glowing red with heat. They kept on moving forward. The direction of the path turned to the left, which everyone followed. As they moved on, trouble was approaching at the entrance.

# Battles Against the Dark

The trouble was the real head security guard. Yes, the real one had approached the main entrance of the castle. The guards were staring at him, baffled. "Why are you staring at me like bumbies?", the head security guard asked. The guards came back to their senses and quickly maded crosses with their spears, blocking the entrance. "What is this nonsense? Don't make me feel humiliated". A small guard blurted, "You just entered the castle. You cannot enter again". The big guard beside him murmured, "He means a man like you, the real head security guard". "What? Did you ask him the secret code?". "Oh! No, sir. There were many people with him, and I thought it would not be nice. After all, I knew you quite well". "It mush have been somone in disguise. You idiots, sound the sirens, quickly. Put the whole castle on high alert".

On the other side, everyone became alert on hearing the siren. "What is this?", the king asked. The shapeshifter frantically replied, "Trouble. I think the guards have come to know that we tricked them and entered. Run, hide. Go wherever you want. Don't let the guards catch you". Though the shapeshifter was actually tricking Jake and the others, illegally entering the castle was a punishable offence in the undead land, whatever the reason might be. The shapeshifter transformed back to its original form and started running. The others started following him. The tunnel soon ended and a maze of corridors started to appear.

The shapeshifter, in haste, just took any door and any path. At last, everyone reached a dome shaped chamber which had numerous pillars in it. "Quick, hide", the shapeshifter hurriedly said, painting. Norton commented, "I don't know how he pants. He has nothing but bones". "Keep quiet!", shouted Jake. "Where can we hide?". Be now, Senister had noticed that the pillars had decoration, exactly like themselves, attached to their sides but a little cut off from the top so that they did not touch the roof, and hollow from the inside. The cut off spaces were almost equal to a qarter length of the roof. The decorations were wide enough to accommodate a normal person inside them. "We can hide in these", saying this, he told everyone about his plan.

Everyone nodded in agreement and each headed inside different decorations. They provided enough grooves to let everyone climb up to them easily. Everyone was hidden completely concealed in them. After some time, they could hear whispering voices and footsteps coming from from outside, from the chamber they were in. After a lot of hustling and noises of things being inverted etc. the guards left. "They have left", thought everyone. However, everyone wanted to be on the safe side and so they waited, but just for a little more while. After that, almost at the same time, everyone had started coming out. No one noticed what was happening in the room as everyone was busy minding themselves and getting out of their hiding places. When everyone had settled outside, the room became a storehouse of surprised eyes.

"Huh? Hey, Altair!", the king cried out. Altair said, "Jake, Your Majesty, Senister, Robina, Lavista, Atix, Norton", however, his smile fell on seeing the shapeshifter. "An you, you, I will kill you, you moron", he mumbled. "Stop", Jake yelled, coming in front of the shapeshifter. "He only has helped us get to the castle so that we could come and rescue you". Altair became shocked, "What? He is a traitor. Do not leave him". Altair told everyone his whole story, how he had been taken to the prison and how he had escaped from there. "Yes, I do agree that the skeleton has done wrong, but he deserves to be forgiven. He helped us in the castle, to get in, and unknowingly, he helped us reach you".

Footsteps could be heard again at a distance and everyone quickly returned to their hiding places. The sound of the footsteps came very near to them and then stopped. It did not come for a long time then. "Hmm! Maybe the guards left", Altair thought and peeked out, above the decoration piece. He quickly pulled back himself. He had seen two guards standing outside, looking around aimlessly. "Do not come out, anyone. The guards are standing outside, two of them", Altair communicated to everyone, using telepathy. The troll, neglecting his instructions, quickly came out of his hiding place, which was a hole behind a huge curtain. He came running and grabbed the guards from their neck with his hands. He picked them up util their feet were airborne quite a distance above the ground, and banged their heads. He then loosened his grip and just left them. They fell to the ground, blood coming out of their heads, no sign of life in them.

Everyone came out to see what had happened, and then praised the troll. In this conversation, Altair introduced his new friends which he made in the prison to everyone else. "Now, this is, oh-oh, I haven't bothered to ask their names, Let them introduce themselves". They all started saying their names in succession. "Uh, I am Murphy, a troll". "I am Ronald, the dwarf". "I am Brekka, one of the finest archers of the elven land". Robina's eyes were stuck at the elf after hearing this. "Hmm! Elves are very fine archers. Maybe I can learn something from him", she thought. Finally, the girl spoke out, "I am Crysteria". The king said, "Oh! Well lady. Aren't you the daughter of the king of Ettseteria?". Crysteria replied, "Oh! Yes I am". "Hmm. Princess, huh?", Altair mumbled. A faint smile appeared on Crysteria's face.

Altair then introduced his old friends to his new friends. Suddenly, a guard came into the room and staring at everyone, shouted, "Intruders". Altair quickly teleported in front of him and stabbed him with his keris. "Whoa! Already smeared it with Etho elixir, huh?", Jake asked. Altair replied, "Uh, no. I do not need it with this keris. It is made out of sabertooth teeth". Suddenly, the guard let out a big cry before falling to the ground. "This cry would probably have made the other guards alert. We should move away from here", Robina said. Everyone agreed to this statement.

Leaving the three guards in the chamber as it is, red mist emanating from their bodies, they ran out of the chamber. "We have to escape from here or the guards won't leave us. I'll show you the way", the shapeshifter told, who seemed to have turned traitor to the undead. "Are you sure we will directly be able to run out from here?", Atix asked. The king budged into the conversation, "We have to save the queen and the prince. I believe that the undead king resides in this palace, and that they are in his hold. Take us there first". The shapeshifter replied, "Oh! Yes, surely. I know where they are, in the prison. I will take you there right away". 

Everyone started walking towards the prison, lead by the shapeshifter. After crossing a few corridors and many passages, they reached a passage which was intersected by another passage in which they were received a dead end at the end of the other passage. It was here that everyone stopped, and indeed, froze. They held their breathes as danger walked from in front of them. The head security guard had passed from the path in front of them, followed by four undead Aquentises. He had appeared from the right, and had slowly disappeared to teh left. For a while, everyone thought that they were safe. However, the danger was lurking behind the walls, ready to pounce. 

"Ooh! The creature which passed from in front was just like what the shapeshifter had become", Norton said. Jake replied, "Yes, I am dead sure it was the read head security guard". This conversation was quick, after which everyone started moving towards the path in front. The shapeshifter was still leading. As soon as he had reached the end of the path, he bumped into the head security guard. He started backing away, while the head security guard started walking towards him. After a while, the shapeshifter froze. The head security guard looked at everyone and then started staring sternly at the shapeshifter.

The shapeshifter, chainging colours like a chameleon, started pleading, "Oh sir! Kind sir, please save me. These people are threatening and torturing me. They are trying to take out all our information from me. Oh kind sir, please save me". The shapeshifter had fallen to his knees. "You liar, you were helping us. You helped us sneak into this palace. Do not keep changing sides", Senister shouted. The shapeshifter continued his pleading, "Look, kind sir, how these people accuse me. Believe me, I am one of you. They are imposters. Please help, save me from them". The head security guard of course believed teh shapeshifter. He yelloed, "You all, imposters. Guards, arrest them. Put them in prison". Saying this, he settled to talk with the shapeshifter.

"Altair, you can use your powers. Get ready to fight", Robina cried. However, Lavista held her back. Robina was surprised to see everyone in low spirits. Altair said calmly, "No, now is not the time". Everyone surrendered themselves to the head security guard, feeling hatred towards the shapeshifter. They all were sent to the prison.

"Get in", said the guard in a deep oice, opening the lock up. Even though everyone was walking inside the cell themselves, the guard pushed them from behind. The might of the Aquentis made them topple over each other and fall right into the cell. The Aquentis immediately locked the cell. Lavista cursed the Aquentis while getting in. As soon as the Aquentis had departed, Robina spoke up, "Why did we surrender? Why didn't we fight those hideous creatuers? Oh! Come on you all. We could have easily overpowered them. Now we are locked up in this stupid prison". Altair cleared all her doubts, "Try to understand Robina. If I would have used my powers then, and we all would have fought all those undead, the shapeshifter would no longer have remained, there were less chances of him surviving. Now, they have themselves taken us to where we were going, peacefully. Now we will easily find the queen and the prince". Though Robina's tone was full of ire, Altair's calm deep voice made her sober. She saw the sense in his words.

The king then came forward and said, "Now we will have to break in all the cells and find them". Suddenly, sobbing voices could be heard coming from the back of the cell. Everyone became quiet. The sobbing could be heard more clearly now, louder. "Who is it there", Brekka asked. Everyone looked behind. There sat a woman who had kept her head between her knees and was sobbing. A child lay beside her, who had kept his head on the woman's shoulder. He was also sobbing loudly. "What happened to you there, young lady?", the king asked. Both the child and the lady looked up. On seeing their faces, Jake, Atix, Norton, Lavista, Robina, Altair and Senister quickly bowed down. On seeing them, the others also acquired the same positon. The king's eyes got filled with tears of love. He dropped to his knees. He caught hold of the lady's hands. "Oh my dear queen".

After conversing for a long time and after meeting everybody, it was time to leave the cell. This was no big deal. However, before leaving, everyone tried to console the queen. After some time, her queenly traits had returned. "Now, I will take care of getting out of here", Altair said. The troll, while running, announced, "Ah! I can easily take care of it", and banged the prison bars to break them. He did this a number of times, but with no success. "Let me try", said Altair, and let out a blast of energy. They next  moment, the bars had turned to ashes. They easily collapsed. "Wow, you are good", the troll commented. "Yes, now we have succeeded in our mission. Now we shall return", the king commanded. Jake addressed him, "Your Majesty, we have forgotten our real mission. Now that we have come here, we will vanquish the undead. Also remember the blue substance Altair had found. We have a lot of things to do here".

Everyone agreed. With such a big team, they could risk getting caught, even a number of times. Norton suggested, "I think we should open up all the cells, but on one condition that they will help us in battling the undead. Then we will also get some help, and they will also be happy". "That is a very good idea", Atix replied. Everyone started breaking the cells, freeing the prisoners and gathering support. The clanking noises created while the cells were being destroyed made the head security guard come to the spot where the cells were situated.

"Huh! Trying to escape and freeing all the criminals? Try that next time", the head security guard said, strictly. "Next time won't come", Jake replied. The head security guard took out two swords and rushed towards Jake. By that time all the criminals had been freed. As soon as the head security guard had reached near Jake, an armadilo like creature whom Jake had freed came in between Jake and the head security guard, blocking the attack with its tough skin and saving Jake. The two swords of the head security guard were still stuck to the body of the armadilo like creature. While the head security guard recovered from the recoil, Jake jumped over the armadilo like creature, breaking both the swords of the head security guard with his own, and pushing him back a little.

"Guards, take them", the head security guard ordered. Four Aquentises moved forward to join the battle. Jake did not understand the sudden statement of the head security guard. He became confused and felt dizzy. Suddenly, he was pushed backwards by one of the Aquentises, ramming him into the armadilo like creature. Its tough, hard skin gave Jake a number of bruises, injuring him more that what the Aquentis had meant to do. The armadilo like creature, reading the situation, supported Jake and then jumped in front of the Aquentis to confront it. Taking the opportunity, Jake slid back.

"Fall back, everyone. Take the Etho elixir form me", Lavista cried, "Without it, you are useless". Everyone came back to take the Etho elixir. However, Altair and a few undead freed criminals kept on battling. The Etho elixir was smeared on weapon, claw and foot. Altair did a great job warding off the Aquentises from where the Etho elixir was being distributed. The head security guard was standing at the back, observing the battle. After receiving the Etho elixir everyone was ready to battle. "I hope there aren't many battles left. We're running out of Etho elixir", Lavista informed everyone.

The head security guard taunted, "Next time won't come". Jake commented, "Huh! Telling our dialogue to us". The head security guard was infuriated. He entered the battle. He had sensed that in his absence, the four Aquentises would face a hard battle, and would easily be vanquished. However, he thought that the four Aquentises and he himself would be enough for winning the battle, and so he did not call for any other help, which was his biggest mistake.

Jake alone could take all four of the Aquentises, though it would be hard for him. A harsh battle continued. The armadilo like creature had developed an instinct liking towards Jake, and kept on protecting him. However, the other freed creatures fought independently. Everyone was getting hard upon the four Aquentises, while Jake and the armadilo like creature alone took the head security guard. Jake could not beat the head security guard in strength, but of course he could in dexterity and intellect, which made him gain the upper hand. Jake's and the armadilo like creature's teamwork was stupendous. "Raaargh! You will pay for this, you stupid little creature", barked the head security guard in anger, hauling the armadilo like creature aside. The injured armadilo like creature squeaked in pain, which made Jake even more angry and filled him with the feeling of taking revenge from the head security guard. "Ah! Now I know what to do to make you more angry and irritated". Jake did not understand what the head security guard meant but he was still fighting with all his strength and wisdom of using his skills.

The head security backed off a little and created a flame like energy around himself. The head security guard shouted loudly, which made Jake close his eyes, sensing the doom, which was to come. In few seconds loud, terrifying squeaks could be heard. When Jake opened his eyes, a huge body lay on the ground - dead. The armadilo like creature was dead, lying on the ground with its broken shell on its either side.

Jake lost his dexterity and intellect in grief, but gained more strength in anger. He became bold, burning with anger. The loss of his life saviour felt hard upon him, the feeling of anger arising. His face looked ferocious. The head security guard had brought upon his own doom. Jake's body became out of control. His legs sprang up automatically. Jake closed his eyes. He felt a sudden force on his sword, his legs rested on the ground. He was breathing heavily, his eyes still closed tightly. "Yaah!", he shrieked, ripping apart his sword from the head security guard's chest. Jake slowly opened his eyes, panting, calmed down. The head security guard's body lay in front of him, still, lifeless, green coloured blood dripping from the chest, staining the red clothes which clung to it. He then looked at his sword. More than half of it was stained green, the fluid dripping drop by drop from it.

His eyes turned around. All of the Aquentises had been killed as well, he saw. Everyone left alive in the chamber was staring at him in amazement. Jake was holding to the hilt of his sword which was supporting him like a walking stick, while he was sitting. The staring continued for a wile. "Yehe! We are all free", the prince joyously said, breaking the silence. Altair lovingly explained, "A nice thought, but we are not yet free. We are captive here in this castle and the undead king still lives".

One of the freed prisoner shouted from behind, "We all together will finish all the darkness". Another undead prisoner added, "Yes, though we are undead and are considered as dirty, dark creatures, we really can be good. Our habits are different from the others, which make us dark, but yes, we have to learn to be happy within our boundaries".

# Fall of the Monarch

A prisoner called out, "I know the way to the king's quarters from here. I can take you there". The man walked out of the crowd, "I was taken there for the hearing, and after being sentenced to prison for life, I was taken here. I know the way by heart". "Now what are we waiting for? Let's move on", Atix said. "Lead the way please". The little army formed moved towards the king's chamber. They all exited the prison area, and as soon as they had reached the first curve, they saw a traitor in front of them. It was the shapeshifter, the one who had betrayed them.

The shapeshifter gazed at everyone for a long time, recovering from the shock of meeting his old, temporary unreal friends. He then quickly fell at Jake's feet, who was standing with the human prisoner guiding the way. "Oh! At last, I have found you. I was searching you for such a long time. Where have you all been?". Altair interrogated, in a querelous tone, "I guess you were there with us when we were getting locked up in the prison". The shapeshifter's expression changed to an anxious one. He started giggling and replied, "Ah-ah. W... Well, F... Forget it. We are all b-back together n... now again". Altair muttered, "Well, I don't want to see you again", and the next moment, the shapeshifter crumbled to dust.

"Ha ha, a crumbled undead", Jake laughed off. Altair smiled. Everyone was against the shapeshifter so nobody complained about his death. Everyone continued their journey, deliberately stepping on the crumbled shapeshifter. The whole castle looked gloomy, cobwebs here and there. The walls were painted dark, very less light entered inside. The castle of Drein was a magnificent  palace, Blood Vein being a dungeon. The temperature suddenly started becoming weird, niether hot nor cool. The place was becoming uneasy, step by step.

"Ah! This place is so suffocating. I hate it here", Norton painfully said. A dead silence took over. Rustling noises could be heard, coming from the end of the corridor. "What is that sound?", Atix asked. "Shhh!", the king hushed. The rustling sound grew louder as they neared the end of the corridor. The height of the ceiling was increasing gradually. A huge door stood in front of them. It was made of wood but very poorly maintained. It had scratches all over it with wood rotten here and there.

"We will have to open this door. When the guards were taking me to prison, this was already open", the human who was leading everyone told. The king asked, "Are you sure that this is the correct way?". The human leader replied, "I am dead sure". The prince went up to the door and touched the door knob. He tried to twist it, but it refused to budge. "The door is locked", the prince said in a lowly tone. "Do not worry. Altair will easily break it", the king said. Altair replied, "Yes, of course. I can" with a wry look. Altair moved out of the crowd and stood in front of the door. Everyone moved away from him. He raised his hand and murmured something under his breath. He stood there for a while. After some time, a prisoner asked, "What happened?". Altair replied, "I don't know why, but my powers are not working", the wry look on his face fading away.

Atix came forward and said, "What am I for? Let me take care of it". Saying this he retreated a little. The crowd made way for him. He started running and banged his armoured shoulder onto the door with so much force that the door broke. However it stayed there for a while and so Atix kept on pushing it. I suddenly fell down free of its hinges, making Atix fall down with it. "Ah! At least it is open now", Atix murmured. He stood up, facing everyone. They were all staring towards him. "Okay, okay, I know I have done a great thing but you do not need to be so amazed". Everyone kept on staring. "Okay, enough. Now you are embarassing me".

Everyone still kept staring. Atix was puzzled. The prince pointed behind him. Atix turned, and let out a shriek, caught by the sudden surprise of a tall creature, almost double the height of himself. It had a red coloured face with a small snout projecting out in front. Its eyes were jet black and the face was covered with scales. It had to milky white bull like horns, and spiky feathers growing out of its head and neck, arranged in a rectilinear manner. Its body seemed to have been made up of rock, brown and irregular, but still shaped as a torso. Its right arm was made of a similar type of rock, fire blazing over it. The left arm was peculiar, made up of four separate pieces, blue in colour, with the hand attached to the last piece. Both the legs were similar, made up of a black coloured rocky substance. All of its parts were not joined but separate, as if levitating in the air.

Atix quickly backed off from the creature. The dwarf, staring at the unusual creature said, "What is that?". A prisoner replied, "It is a balance elemental. Do not be afraid. Its nature is very friendly". Saying this, the prisoner started walking towards it. "Stop!", a voice from behind called out. It was an Aquentis. "Don't go near it. It's dangerous". "What are you saying? I have seen one before. It ain't dangerous", argued the prisoner. "It is dangerous! It is cursed. The balance elemental is currently under the control of the undead". The prisoner started moving backwards but it was too late. The balance elemental had noticed the crowd. The rustling noise suddenly dramatically increased. The prisoner who was backing off froze at the spot. The balance elemental shook his arm which was made up of fire. A flash of light filled the room and no one could see what had happened in that split second. However, the result was to be seen, making the beat of all hearts faster. The prisoner lay in a newly created crater, black due to burns, grey coloured steam rising up from him. Everyone was shocked and scared at this sight.

The Aquentis said, "It can attack with the power of any element. It is difficult to counter its attacks. I don't think many of us will be left". I paused for a while and then continued, "The more people fight it, the wilder it will become. This is a very calm state it is in. I think we should take it one by one, or there will be nothing else but destruction". The Aquentis then stepped forward, towards the balance elemental. "No, do not go. You won't be able to take that creature by yourself", Jake shouted. The Aquentis replied calmly, still moving forward, "There is no turning back now. Once this creature has fixed a target, it will only expand its range, not leave anyone".

The balance elemental showed no expressions. It just stood there, staring at the Aquentis. Its expressionless face proved that it was under influence, and did not react with its own mind. The Aquentis took to the air. It charged forward, but the balance elemental created a force field around it, making the Aquentis fall down in mid air. All this continued for a while. The balance elemental was defending itself, and not attacking. The balance elemental finally decided to attack. It quickly shot a conical, pointed ice like structure which came from the particles which were levitating over its crown like head. The ice piece travelled at great speed and before the Aquentis could react to thesituation after grasping the knowledge of what had happened, it punctured the abdomen of the Aquentis and passed out from its back, covered with a green coloured liquied, sprinkling all over as the ice piece passed away into the wall.

The attack was lethal, however, due to a very balanced pose of the Aquentis, it was standing as if alive. "Wow, it has survived the attack", though everyone, coming into a mood of celebration. The balance elemental now moved towards the still body of the Aquentis. Everyone was shocked on seeing the fact that the Aquentis didi not react and stood there motionless, but then their thoughts changed and they thought that it had a plan. The balance elemental lightly touched the forehead of the Aquentis with its little finger. Everyone was puzzled, but then their doubts were cleared when they saw the Aquentis fall to the ground, its lifeless, worn out face coming into everyone's view. Everyone's jaw dropped. The balance elemental stood staring at everyone.

After thinking a lot, Jake started running toward the balance elemental, with his sword drawn out. Everyone howled from behind, advising Jake not to go, but Jake wasn't listening. He had his full concentration in his forthcoming battle. During this time, the prince had noticed a door at the far end of the chamber. He went to his father and shook him a little. The king, who was engrossed in what was happening ahead, diverted his attention to the prince, whose sudden sight brought tears in his eyes. However, the prince remained completely normal and pointed out the door to him. An idea struck the king's mind. He called out, "Jake, please listen. You keep that creature busy, I will take everyone out of this place to the door there. We have to keep advancing". Jake replied, "Yes, good plan. Even if you lose me, everyone else will be safe".

He had said this with such a straight face that the king was reminded of Jake's dedication to him and how he coud not afford to lose him. However, he made him accept the fact that nothing would happen to Jake and then started transporting everyone to the next door. Jake was keeping the balance elemental at the centre while everyone slid taking support from the walls of the circular chamber. The wooden door at the end was open and everyone easily went through it. Meanwhile, Jake was having a hard time. Whenever he attacked with his sword, the balance elemental put its rocky arm in the way. The sword had no effect on that hard substance. Also, Jake's height, which was almost half as that of the balance elemental, gave him a lower hand.

The balance elemental was not being too soft on Jake, as it was with the Aquentis. The creature was attacking with all its might, using all its elements. Jake mostly kept on dodging. "If this continues, I will soon be overcome by fatigue. I have to convert my weaknesses to my strengths". There was an instance in which the balance elemental was at one end, and Jake at the other. "Everything at risk now", Jake thought. He started charging towards the balance elemental.

Jake's main fear was now the balance elemental's reaction. If it would try to attack him, then it would be difficult for Jake to survive. Jake was hoping that the creature would block his attack with its huge, rocky arm. However, its reaction was completely unexpected. It stood upright and raised its arms sideways, hoping to crush Jake between them. However, seeing the balance elemental's portentous form, Jake got confused and panicked. He droppped down to his knees and slid towards the balance elemental. His knees burned but he did not care about them. His heart beat suddenly increased. Blackness covered all over as he closed his eyes, preparing for the worst and hoping for the best. His hands automatically reeled backwards, and with the help of his speed and muscle strength, he slashed the sword onto the creature with all his might.

The sword banged and dropped from his hands. Jake slid away from under the balance elemental's legs. He stopped and looked back. He saw a diamond, blood  red, even darker in colour, fallign down.It dropped to the ground and wobbled for a while. When it came to rest, the red colour slowly started disappearing, being replaced by the typical diamond colour.

On the other side, the prisoner who was leading them said, "We have almost reached the king's chamber. He lies just beyond that door". He was pointing towards a door at the end of the corridor they were in. The door was jet black in colour, bordered by a red material. The colours were meant to remind everyone of death and bloodshed. As they reached the door, a huge grey dog jumped onto Atix. Atix, as if by a reflex action, took out his sword and pointed it towards the airborne dog. The dog was instantly killed. All this happened in a split second and was so quick that it seemed funny, however, in a dark manner. Nobody commented on the sudden attack.

"Now, who goes in first?", asked the prisoner who was leading. Everyone cowardly stook back. "Should I go?", the prince asked. A smile appeared on the king's and queen's face. The king said, "No, there is no need. I am the king here, I'll go in first". The king moved towards the black door. he stood staring there for a while, and then gave the door a light push. The door creaked open along with weird noises. There was a huge chamber in front. The chamber was very gloomy and dingy, jet black in colour with four pillars, red coloured. There was a huge chari made up of rock directly in front. The chair had many projections coming out of it which made varied designs high above it. The king of the undead, Lichendrone, sat on it. On either side of the king stood tall undead creatures, probably his bodyguards. On the adjeacent edges of the walls onto which the king's chair was supported sat many different types of undead creatures on smaller chairs, probably the ministers and of the highest order of the undead.

The king came in, followed by the others, in a straight line. Lichendrone was surprised with their sudden entry and number. Every undead creature in the room stood up expect Lichendrone. "Who are you people?", Lichendrone asked in a deep, scornful voice. The king replied, "Well, we are invaders here". "What? You scoundrel! The head security guard, call him". "I know where the head security guard is". "Where? Tell me". "He has passed away to his afterlife". "Why have you all come here?". "For your final judgement, to send you into the grasp of the grim reaper". "You traitors", Lichendrone addressed the undead creatures on Drein's side. "You all, all traitors. Come, I give you another chance. Come to me, come to your king". A zombie said boldly, "I swear by the blood of the Aquentis who sacrificed his life for us, that we will never return to betrayers. We all shall vanquish all terror with you".

Lichendrone became furious and closed his fists tightly. He stood up and ordered, "Attack, everyone". The undead ministers and Lichendrone's bodyguards drew out their weapons. Lichendrone dashed to his inner chambers, saying that he had other work to do instead of fighting with mice, and got locked inside there. Altair noticed the fear in Lichendrone's eyes and sent a wave of air which blasted open his inner chamber's door. The king ran inside there.

The chamber was semicircular in shape with a bed and a cupboard on a side. There was a desk and some lamps here and there. The whole chamber was black with no red. "You coward", the king shouted, and leapt on Lichendrone. Both the kings started battling each other. However, Lichendrone was much stronger as he was a monster, the king of Drein being a normal human. Outside, a great battle was going on. Even the queen had engaged herself in it. Even the prince, being a small boy, was attempting to kill with his small dagger. Lavista was doing a great job in healing. Only a little bit of Etho elixir was left after distributing to everyone, which would be enough for just two to three blades.

"The Etho elixir is almost finished. I hope there aren't any battles left", Lavista informed everyone. The army of Drein greatly outnumbered Lichendrone's ministers and guards, though their number did not give them any unfair advantage. Robina used her witty brain and hid in one corner of the chamber. Everyone else took on Lichendrone's army and kept them busy. Robina took aim and started firing arrows closely at the ministers and guards. Whenevery anyone of these undead creatures would be free, she would fire arrows indiscriminately. "Oh yes. This is good", she thought and turned to withdraw some more arrows. It was at this time that she saw only two arrows left with her. "Oh! Oh! I did not think about the limitation of the arrows. Now I'll have to switch to melee combat".

A fierce battle was going on. Lichendrone would have easily slain the king of Drein if it was not for his misses. Both the emperors were battling in the isolated chamber while it was like an inferno outside. Only five ministers were left, while just two or three prisoners had been killed from Drein's army. "You are cowards, nearing in on such a small number of enemies. Show your real colours, come on. We will each take you one by one. That will be fair battle", a minister cried. The other four ministers agreed to this. However, a vampire contradicted, "Ah! Do not teach us the art of war. Cowards are you all, not us, who at first destroy all rules and then call upon us to follow them".

An uproar of all the prisoners was heard. This made the ministers' faces get covered with fear, as they would easily be killed by such a large army. "Attack", Atix shouted, and in no time, the chamber was full of clouds of red mist. All the ministers lay dead on the black forr, their bodies rapidly diminishing. "Now let's check out what is happening between the two kings", Altair suggested. Everyone looked around. Norton asked, "Where are they both? I don't see them anywhere here". Altair answered, "They are in there", pointing towards the entrance of Lichendrone's inner chamber.

Everyone rushed in and caught Lichendrone and the king by surprise. The king of Drein was in a bad shape. "Do not worry, Your Majesty. We all can crush this vicious creature", Altair said. "No, this is my battle", the king replied, and limped towards Lichendrone. "STOP", a voice came from behind. Everyone turned around. Jake was stading there, in fron of the balance elemental. Everyone was astonished. Lichendrone's face brightened up. "Ha ha ha! Now my pet shall beat you all", his voice echoed in the chamber. Everyone else had a tense face, except for Jake. He ambled towards Lichendrone, the balance elemental following close behind.

"Huh? What is this? I do not understand", Lichendrone murmured to himself, his face becoming anxious. "What happened demon? Why do I see these sweat drops on your face? Your death is fast approaching. So, how does it feel to die having died once before? The difference is subtle. The last time you died, you were cursed and you were resurrected, as an undead. This time when you will die, you shall be vanquished", said Jake.

Lichendrone looked at Jake aimlessly for a while. Then, he looked at the balance elemental, and his eyes widened. Jake shouted, "Attack". The balance elemental moved towards Lichendrone. Lichendrone had frozen with fear. The balance elemental picked up Lichendrone by his neck and squeezed it tightly. Lichendrone was wriggling like a worm. His eyes could be seen as asking for mercy, and he was unable to speak. He loudly shrieked and caught the balance elemental's hand, though he did not have enough strength to move it.

Suddenly, a smile appeared on Lichendrone's face. Jake became puzzled, and thinking that it was some trick, he ordered the balance elemental, "Finish him off". As soon as Jake had said this, Lichendrone murmured an incantation. The wall behind crumbled to pieces and from behind came a huge, black demon, flying. "Wow! That is the biggest undead I have ever seen", Lavista commented, though nobody would have heard it. The demon flew towards Lichendrone and caught him by the shoulders. Both of them became engulfed in darkness and disappeared. The balance elemental became confused and started looking at his empty grip in despair. Lavista said, "What a coward. He just teleported away when he was losing the battle". "Yes, and what was that black demon?", Robina asked. An Aquentis replied, "The demon is what is Lichendrone's key weapon. He used it as a last resort. He used to keep feeding it with some kind of blue substance. I have heard that Lichendrone was planning to take out that demon when its energy levels would be at its height, but to save his life he has used it earlier".

The king said, "So now what do we do? We cannot just keep talking in a chamber with to enemy to fight. We have to find him and finish him off". The Aquentis replied, "Lichendrone will surely be in the top most chamber of the castle. That is the point from where he can fly away and hide". Jake inquired, "Are you sure that is the only point?". "Yes", the Aquentis replied.

Everyone started heading towards the top most chamber of the castle. Meanwhile, Jake told everyone how he had calmed down the balance elemental and how it had become his pet. As the Aquentis had said, Lichendrone was preparing to fly off with the demon. He was going to escape from a window. Right below the window was a pool of a substance the undead used to bathe in. It would give them energy. Robina quickly fired the last two arrows she had at Lichendrone. He and the demon lost balance and started falling down from the window. Everyone looked down, and Lavista's Etho elixir fell down in the pool below.

"Oh! This is bad. Our Etho elixir is all gone now", Lavista sighed. However, as the elixir filled inside the pool, all the liquid became silvery white, shining even brighter than the Etho elixir itself. As soon as Lichendrone and the demon fell in the pool, a blazing fire engulfed them and all that was left were ashes.

Jake commented, "How did that happen? It seemed to me as a suicide". Senister said, "O yes. I know exactly what happened. Lavista's Etho elixir fell down in the pool below. Both liquids mixed and formed a very strong substance which works vigorously against the undead. They brought upon their own downfall".

Thus, Lichendrone was dead. The king of Drein and the undead entered into a pact that they would not disturb each other, and live in their own land. The queen and the prince of Drein were restored, and peace prevailed thereafter.
